A true underdog in Denton, Texas reveals his fascinating family history, and a pent-up passion.

Today's episode brought to you by Mac Weldon underwear. That's probably better than what you're wearing right now and other stuff besides, I don't know but I like the underwear. My wife says I look good in their underwear and my wife's out of my league. Thank God. I have time microbial in there means that it eliminates smells very very useful. If you're a man with bowel problems. Like I have they want you to be comfortable. You don't like the first pair keep it they'll refund your money. No questions asked look good perform. Well go to Mac Weldon. Com and get 20% off using promo code beautiful.
Hello world. My name is Chris gethard and you're listening to beautiful Anonymous one phone call one hour. No names No Holds Barred, beautiful / Anonymous it stands for. Beautiful Stories from Anonymous people which is the longer more emo version of the title and that kind of spells out what this show is. It's a show where I want to hear stories.
You can call in anybody in the world call in talk to me. Just don't tell me who you are. You can have up to an hour of my time. We record it. We have a real honest interaction because I don't think there's enough of those in my life at least and I bet other people feel that way. So that's what this podcast is one conversation at a time.
Just a genuine interaction. That's it Anonymous up to An hour, hang up if you feel like it. I don't get to hang up. Let's do it this one. Oh my God, I think about this one sometimes at night when I can't sleep. It's because this one pops into my head man. This guy was the best he I'll tell you a lot of podcasts out there you listen to these interview podcast, they interview celebrities and the president and all kinds of people who get picked up in cars that the podcast before this guy is calling me from a car that he's hiding in.
That's the starting point as he's hiding in a car that sets the tone for everything. This one I tell you this guy, he's such a fighter. He's such an underdog. That's the exact type of person I love in this world is underdogs who really know how to fight and he doubles down on that triples down on that and all the details that come out about his past man. I tell you you I'm not the only person who's gonna listen to this who winds up really rooting for this dude and what he represents and I'll tell you by the end the amount of energy this guy is bringing he's unleashing and I love it. I hope you love it to let Me know thank you for calling beautiful Anonymous a beeping noise will indicate when you are on the show with the host.
Hey, this is gethard. How are you? Hey, what's up and not much just a sec. I'm gonna weird hallway right now my echoey. No, I think you're pretty good. They'll let me know. I don't really have the authority to answer that but I just got the thumbs up on it. You sound good. Awesome. How are you? I'm good. So just remember you can hang up at any point you want if it gets uncomfortable or you gotta go but I can't hang out for an hour. So you get up to an hour if you want to hang up. Feel free.
Awesome. Alright. So again Baba Booey for 45 minutes in what sense in what sense? Are you about Baba Booey? AKA Gary Dell'Abate Howard Stern. Oh, I mean just kind of Baba Booey Baba Booey. Oh, yeah if you want if you just want to Heckle me. Basically Heckle me on the phone for an hour. I have to just endure it. Yeah, or we can have a conversation. It's really it's up to you. Yeah, we we can have a conversation. Okay. Yeah, so what are we talking about? But I don't know. I'm at work. I just took about a 30-minute break in my car. I walked back in and then I got through so, okay. So you going back outside to skip some more time. Yeah. I was going to say you work at a job where you can dependently sit in your car for 30 minutes. And then also just talk to me for an hour.
Yeah, I just Nobody's here for Thanksgiving. So you just do whatever you are service for like accounts payable.
How is that how do you like that? Oh, it's the worst Chris. Yeah, it sounds like it. I didn't want to be judgmental but it sounds awful. You have a job where it sounds like you're hiding in your car. It sounds like you when you say you took a break and sat in your car that mean to me sounds like a person who is not thrilled with with the situation.
Yeah, so you're escaping. You're looking for active Escape. Yeah. I'm looking for escape some of it sitting your cars being on the phone with me. Anything you can do to not be working at this job. Yes. Okay. So, how how how temporary is this? How much is this? This is your thing right now?
I don't know. You don't know you don't know. You should be I've been it's been a year. I've been doing this and when you started and tell it was it a situation where you're like, maybe this will be all right. Maybe this will be a thing or were you like I'm gonna do this and I'm chasing something else.
Yeah. It was just kind of all my pays enough. I'll start on that. Uh-huh. And we all got to take those gigs sometimes. Yeah, but it is the sense of being trapped and like oh like However, if I say like I need to have enough saved am I ever gonna have enough saved? Yeah, it's a huge question be another excuse a lot of it. So you say you say you another excuse. Are you somebody's made a bunch of excuses in the past?
Yeah, let's I feel like I spend a lot of time not doing things and then kind of go too big. Oh, that's interesting. So I got a couple questions you say like, am I ever going to save enough? What are you saving for? Is that saved for like a house or is that saved to like Give yourself a year of freedom. Is that saved to go? See the world? What are you saving for?
To save just to be like, all right. I've got six months time that I don't have to worry about I wouldn't have to work or something. So you want to buy yourself some time. And then you say you'd spend a lot of time not doing things. That sounds like a ties in what are the things you're not doing?
I don't go to that take those improv classes. Uh-huh. Go hang out. I just I feel like I've kind of wasted the last year you've wasted a year and it's starting to freak you out. Yeah.
But even when I say what are the things you don't quite yeah, you don't really even know what things are who I'm generally uncertain about everything you kind of have a dream to have some dreams and that's a I don't want to be judgmental. I'm not trying to be judgmental. I say this with love. It's a girl. It's a grim that's a grim place to be.
You have a vague dream of pursuing something.
Yeah, that's a tough one. That's a tough spot. So, how do we work on this? I don't know.
I don't know Chris.
I think I probably been drinking too much smoking too much weed. Yeah, self-medicating they call that yeah hiding you're hiding you don't like what's going on in your hiding. Yeah. No, I feel like that been a lot of my life lately is kind of hiding and putting things off and kind of getting the glimpse of like, oh, yeah, that's something what's the Glimpse tell me about the times. I can't I can't hear that and not wonder what the glimpses what are this? What are these moments? It's really like this could be it.
This is the I feel it. I feel this being the thing I've been looking for. What's the Glimpse?
A few months ago. I met a girl that was teaching special education. And that is something I talked about when she said that like, oh, they always need tough guys to hold them down and I'm like, oh that sounds like a perfect job. Wait, hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on.
She said we're a lot going on there. Yeah. I actually I'll tell you I might and I left my headphones on but I reached under described. It sounds to me. Like he said that a special education teacher said she needs a tough. I had to hold them down. Yeah wearing to the kids looking and you said that would be a perfect job.
Yeah, cuz I feel like when I when I look at my life and the things that have defined it, yeah the big definitely the I think the big thing I always come back to is my interaction with mental illness and other people and just a weirdos. Okay, that's being that's right. I don't know if that's what you crave you entreat way to refer to special education kit know Hey, listen what it's okay, and the fact that you said you don't know if it's appropriate.
I don't know if it's appropriate either but I think everybody who's listening to this probably hears you processing through this and understand you're not judging you're not saying but I say it with love. Yeah, and also it sounds to me like here's the here's the main thing. I'll say if you're in a customer service job where you're hiding in the car.
It sounds to me like you probably identify as an outsider probably identify as an underdog what we're really saying here is that you root for the underdog and that you see maybe special education kids naturally as Outsiders and underdogs and that the idea of working. In that world appealed to you because you felt some identification there.
Yeah, that's that's probably the longer fleshed-out way to say it is we say it on her feet, but I don't think you know sensitive so a woman basically proposed that you be a you know, basically what sounds like being like a bouncer in a special education environment. Yeah, and why didn't you jump on I didn't what if that had appeal to you. It wasn't it wasn't a job offer. It was something I thought about she just talked to me more about the details.
Okay, but details were like, oh that's more of a That'd be an actual in Gate physically engaging.
How much I'm a little confused so was the appeal to be a special education teacher or is there a specific position where you are physically responsible for stopping out-of-control kids. I've that comes with being a special education teacher, but that was that's the part that you brought up that appealed. That's that's the part that kind of ding. That was like, all right, the actual physical wrestling of the kids.
Yeah. Wow, it's very specific section over there world to have the utmost appeal.
Yeah, I know.
I feel like maybe there aren't a lot of people going in for that reason to specifically. Where is this? I have to ask I'm not judging. I'm just processing here. Mmm. This really is this but that was a specific part of not necessarily like it not that I necessarily get the teacher Enlighten these kids but that there's an element of physical.
Physical control that needs to happen.
Yeah an element of physical engagement that kind that that was the thing that way. Alright.
I didn't know I didn't know that I didn't either and I'm just before and flavor when I thought about this before and thought like oh, that's something I'd be good at. She's like, oh they always need strong guys. Sometimes you gotta hold down autistic kids like, okay. She said they've got a big beanbag that if a kids acting up, they just kind of drop a heavy bean bag on them and hold them down.
And that's the part you like. That's the specific it sounded it made it a lot more intriguing.
So what do we got to do to get you there? Right? What do I got to do on this phone call? What do I got to do in the next Forty Nine minutes and 28 seconds to get you to be someone who's not hiding in your car then going home and smoking weed all night and be in the type of kid that's dropping the big bean bag on the autistic kids.
Yeah, I just got to start moving.
But how many I'll ask you this and this might be this might get a little this might put you in a weird head space. How many how many days how many what percentage of days would you say? You say some version of I got to get moving?
Most days most days I'd say my internal monologue to myself is usually some form of like I should be I need to be exercising. I should be meditating. I should be going to therapy. There's tons of things in the more jobs. There's a whole checklist of things. You need to be doing that. You're just wanting to not get to yeah and a whole checklist of things that I'm like, oh I know like if I get up and Meditate for 10 minutes in the morning like that weeks a completely different week. It's a better day. It's a better day. It's a better it's just its momentum. Yeah, and just yeah.
So you're all about momentum and I'm a I'm kind of self sabotaging myself. You're stopping your own momentum. Yeah, and I think because I'm aware enough of it. That makes me feel Like, oh I've control I'm aware aware of the mistakes. I'm making so I let me ask you this because this feels a little I'm starting to feel a little I'm starting to realize something. That's maybe making me feel a little bit of pressure feels like this feels like this phone. Call me Clara P. Well, it feels like this phone call is you taking one of the actions you say you don't usually take So I feel some responsibility to affect permanent change via this phone call.
Yeah, that'd be nice. I don't want to put that pressure on you know, I'll step up. I'll do my mail. Okay, here's my first question how much you said you want to save six months? How much do you really have saved right now?
What do I gotta do to get you to never walk back into that office again?
What do I gotta do? You know I'm what do I gotta do to get you to get back in your car this phone call drive away from that office. You hate while on this phone call. Oh, I don't I've got 300 and savings. I've got never mind 3,000 my 401k. And is that it? Can you access that without penalty?
It's a 30% tax 25% Okay. Yeah. No, we can't. Yeah. Yeah, no, never mind cuz I had this is the thing Chris. Okay. Yeah, I like that. You keep using the power play of saying my name even though I don't know your name well done. And I don't want to know your name is the kind. That's not nice. But it's a power move. It's nice. I felt like immediately. I was going to be saying my name. I don't need to know you but so so you're someone who's well aware that there's all these things you could be doing that would give you a life that you would enjoy more.
Why do you not? Why why why do you stop those things? What is it that makes you feel like you don't deserve those things.
I don't I don't know the answer to that question.
I don't know if I feel I don't deserve nice things, but I think I put myself in a position where I know I won't get those things. Is it a fear of failure? It's a great question.
But ya know I had.
I had about three thousand dollars saved. I'd taken a week off work and the plan was just to get ready to quit look for other jobs kind of part-time things and then the day of my vacation my car broke down and all my savings went into fixing the car.
That just so I can have it. Keep going back to work. Well, I tell you I write once read a read a very fascinating book all about the nature of poverty and it said it one of the cut-and-dry things is that it's not a mystery one of the very cut and dry things is that people's cars suck up all their money isn't yeah, it's not it's not an uncommon thing to be a slave to your car. So you can get to a job to just sustained is a very sad and scary place to be.
Yeah. It's a bummer but I knew I knew when I was doing it. Like I'm blowing my savings to fix this car to go back to the job. I was going to quit that's horrible. So you had a week where it was go time operation get the fuck out and instead became pray that the mechanic doesn't say this cost more money. Oh wait. He said it costs even more money.
And if ya said becomes operation go back to work. Yeah, and it was I got it fixed and it broke down again and I was like, oh good spark plugs and whatever the fuck that sucks.
So here's a question. I have you sat in your car for half an hour today. Yeah, we've now been on the owner done banana eating yogurt and you sitting and sit in your car eating yogurts and eating yogurt and bananas.
We've now been on the phone for over 17 additional minutes. This is 47 minutes that you're not working sounds to me like you're not concerned at all about getting in trouble. There's no I vote there was a point and it's still kind of ongoing since the summer of trying to get fired. Okay, Santa gently. Try doesn't happen Okay, so they're actively shirking responsibility.
You found out that even that makes it that feels worse. It does it feels worse. You don't feel like you're getting away with something. Like you're sticking it to nothing. You just not holding me to a very high standard say you feel like your existing in a Purgatory. You're in a Purgatory. No, that's what I've talked to my friend. And she quit last year that like, oh, this is Purgatory say here in a job where you can not work as long as you clock in as long as you clock in you get paid but that's all you get and if you just wander the Halls eat yogurt. Okay. Yeah. I wonder the halls I go to the exercise room.
There's an exercise. Sighs kind of yeah, it's Mary biking like to free weights. So you this is like a this year living in like a cow moo novel.
Yeah. It's like an existentialist. You just exist here. I think I would have pronounced that cameras cameras. I mean I could completely could be wrong. I'm dumb white trash Jersey, right? He is he is French. I'm pretty certain. He's French. Yeah. Yeah. I'm existing in a Kafka asked Labyrinthian bureaucracy of world where there's no consequences.
Yeah, you're pushing button. Oh, you don't even know what the buttons do. Yeah, there's no rewards and there's no punishments.
So here's a here's here's something that's occurring to me.
There's things you want to be doing and researching and finding out about and seeing if there are options is there no world in which the last 47 minutes that you've been eating yogurt and talking to me could have been spent just doing those things on your company's dime.
Yeah, I do that. Sometimes a lot of it turned into I tried to make the goal to apply to like one job. I'd actually like a day but my got a little Exhausting I couldn't keep it up every day. See you were trying to find opportunities. That would be more fulfilling and it got exotic it made you tired got to be exhausting. Yeah, it's just every day.
Yeah, I like you man.
Well, I like you too. I like you. I think you're going to find your way out of this.
Yeah, it'll happen eventually. Can I ask how you got here? Because we're talking about how to find our way out of it, but we haven't really talked about like so I guess I don't know how old you are. I don't know anything about you like what you know where because it sounds to me like this is a situation that you wound up in that you didn't this what you weren't aiming for this.
Yeah, so you got side wasn't stuck here. Yeah, I didn't plan on my I'm going to do a count. I'm going to do customer service for accounts payable companies. So how did you wind up there? And I love I love the way you say that I love just with the blunt recognition. There's something really beautiful to me about a guy who works hard at work in hard guy working class guy, who knows in one said that he can say no I didn't plan on doing customer service for accounts payables company. So, you know you wound up in yeah somewhat ridiculous. Situation.
How did where does it start not even thinking about the job? Where does it start? Where do you come from? How do you grow up? What do you thinking about when you're in school? Do you go to college? Do you go where where how does it all lead to this? How does it all lead to this where we have this chance a lot of and this is what you tell me. Where do you want me to start the beginning? We got we got 40 minutes but 39 minutes.
The beginning of my life. Yes. I want to hear about the beginning of your life. Because if this is what you're telling me that if they don't carry anything we get stuck we got on the phone and what you want to talk about is this job and how to get out of it. I need to know the background on this.
All right. I'm going to have I'm going to have some good shit for you Chris. Yeah, man.
This seems like a good time. Take a quick break. We're going to be right back with the conversations. I'll just be after this.
Today's episode is brought to you by merge records, which makes me feel very cool because they're the label that over the last 25 years has been home to many great bands including Arcade Fire spoon Neutral Milk Hotel. Let's not forget the mountain goats in there who one of the first times I made out with my wife. We listen to going to Georgia afterwards. It was really romantic going to Georgia on March 25th. Merge will release patch the sky the latest album from rock guitar legend. Bob Mould who skardu the it's sugar.
What are we is legendary visit merge records. Com to discover and purchase music by Bob Mould and over a hundred other merge artists listeners of this podcast. This is rad because I hope there's a lot of music fans listening to this show you get 20% off any order using coupon code beautiful at checkout and as always domestic shipping free.
That's cool. That's DIY Spirit right there baby. Go to merge records that commenter beautiful at checkout. You'll receive 20% off your purchase. Please support them because it makes me feel you'll really cooler than I am that they advertise here and I'd love to continue this relationship.
Okay enough of that. Let's get back to the call. Okay, the beginning take me back to the beginning. Give me the good shit dog. All right. I was born in Lake Jackson Texas. That's how I guess you can track me down from that. I'm not lie. I'm not going to yeah, I know I'm not gonna do you stalk you I promise.
No II realize that and I spend most of my time at work in the Chris gethard show chat rooms. Okay could figure you could figure it out. Okay. Well now you're giving away too much way too much. It's okay. I'm fine. No, it's fine.
I believe the doctor that delivered me. I believe was Ron Paul.
What? Right Ron Paul overt Aryan. Yeah Rand Paul's father the yeah, he was the OB/GYN and and the congressman in the district. I'm from and stay here. Yeah.
I'm just getting overwhelmed here, but I'm loving this. So you come into the world you very I asked you at the beginning of your life and the answer is that you were delivered into the World by rabble-rousing outsider. And Ron Paul is a beautiful yet. Beautiful start. Keep going. I don't want to stop this train beginning. Yeah.
Well, I know I'll just add this to that day when I was born. My mom had been in prison and they let her out of prison to have me wow huge. So again easy for me. I'm I'm a white guy living in New York City. City easy easy for me to laugh but this is genuine here. Yeah, some deficits some deficits from the start that you've had to fight through so kudos to you kudos to you.
So I was raised by my grandparents before we move on and if it's not comfortable you have to share it. Can I ask what your mom's awesome for? Mostly drugs and the types of things you do to get drugs. Yeah. Yeah, except and stuff. Yeah. Yeah. I got a lot of friends who have gone down that road. Yeah.
Well, that's just that kind of cycle. Okay. So rampal delivers you your mom has sent you your mom sent back to the the jail your mom sent back to the clink. Yeah, grandparents Razia. Yeah is their anger their it when you're a kid is their anger is there confusion?
I would I don't remember being angry then I'd say I know now and I realized more I do have a lot of anger. Yeah wouldn't be shocking that it comes from a lot of that.
Uh-huh. So but as a kid, I remember it being mostly like oh this just I don't know any different. Fair yeah, and that's that's a good beautiful thing about childhood sounds to me right off the bat you're saying that sounds like your grandparents were pretty rad. Yeah. I know they were great. I sounds like did a great job. They let you be a kid, which is a thing that you might not have had.
Mmm.
Do you remember any do you remember like composited like your grandparents ever throw? You just a really great birthday party or anything anything that stands out where you're like they were great. Yeah, I think every day they To overdo it. Okay, so they will forgive anything. I had kind of a too good of a child who they try they did their best to overcompensate every way they could because yes, so they because they probably want to let situation they want to make sure you don't miss out on having a mom. They probably also have some guilt about like our daughter wound up. Here's our daughter fucked up. So let's make sure this that's make sure this kid.
Has everything Yeah, okay. So keep let's keep going through this where we going just from childhood up. Well, you've done listen if it's on me, I cannot my job here is to get numbers baby. You gotta remember this. Yeah. I'm all about this honest conversation. I'm also a businessman and my job is to get numbers and I said tell me about your childhood.
The first thing you told me first two things. Ron Paul delivered me. My mom was in prison. Okay, I can feel I can feel the is going through the roof. So if you're down to keep talking childhood the start you've been shooting three-pointers and nailing them my friend as far as the fascination Factor. This is fascinating small-town, Texas Kid born to a man imprisoned mom by Ron Paul.
I want to hear more So I can go a lot of places. Uh-huh. All right. Now I didn't now I know my dad now we have a pretty good relationship. That's good did not know who my dad was until I was 14 14, okay. There was kind of a different guy. I thought was my dad some balding redheaded redneck. So you thought your dad was some redneck sounds like a person. You're not thrilled about being your dad. Well, I think that's a child one.
So you met a guy once and thought he was your dad and it was a bummer. Yeah. It was just kind of like only thing with guys were bad. Your mom was married to him when she had you okay, but My dad was the guy my mom was married to before that.
They got they got married in high school in Montana moved down to Texas got divorced when hooked up 10 years later at the fair at the fair. Yeah atmosfair. Wow.
And then that's where I came from. I was a carnival, baby.
Hold on.
You got to give me permission to laugh at the phrase Carnival baby because this is a very personal thank you so much. This is a personal story and there's a lot of grim details to it, but you can't use the phrase. I was a carnival baby and not expect me to laugh a little bit. Yeah. No, then when you say they hooked up at the fair do you mean they saw each other the fair remembered their Old Flame went back to one of the one or the others house and had a night of lovemaking to remember the old times or are you saying ran into? Each other at the fair and then behind the fucking Gravitron you get conceived.
I think it's more the latter you think you were conceived. Absolutely. I actually I talked to my brother about this recently about like grilling my dad on it and getting my answer, please because I don't want to be too crass. I'm not trying to be insensitive, but you're telling me where are your perception is you were like conceived behind a corn dog stand.
Yeah, I imagined in the bathroom, but I don't know fair, but at the bathroom at a fair that's probably a porta potti, right? Yeah, man, you have had to think hard about the circumstances of your conception more than almost anybody I've ever met. Yeah, well knowing the details and piecing that together. It's kind of like well, I hope it it's a better story if it's at the fair.
So you do want it to be a good story. It sounds like you got good grandparents. So you got you got to your brother a good guy close with your brother. Yeah, so you got a good so you got a good support net here where you're able to talk about this stuff and it doesn't it's not yeah, I talk about with my me and my brother and stepmom had conversation with like T. I think it's up there. So you got a stepmom. So you're back in touch with you Dad to that degree.
Yeah, we got back in touch and almost immediately. He kind of tried to take credit for the kid. He didn't know about so in a way you respect her in a way. I did you. Yeah, it's been he stepped up. I think it's yeah, it's as good of a real relationship as it could have ended up be yeah for a 14 year absence.
Yeah. He got him his best he could I asked him to buy me a car. He could step up there Chris. Yeah, he could but he's not into yeah, it's not that bad. Are you I can if you don't want to share it, I don't know how old you are feels to me. Like if you're in your 20s, I could see him by any of the car you out of your 20s or you in your 20s. Yeah, I'm just turned 27 27. All right. So right on the cusp where he's probably like I could buy a car like yeah.
But he also probably feels like come on you can figure it out. Yeah, and there's some validity three years to 30. There's some validity to that right? Yeah. So, okay. So born Ron Paul brings you into the world your mom sent back to prison nine months earlier. She had a fair rekindle an old flame you grow up grandparents overcompensating. You might be in a little bit of a bubble 14. You meet your death things are there. Okay, that's the Getting a high school. What's next? What's next fact, I went to college. I got a history degree. Uh-huh.
I Had I got teacher certification just kind of like a fuck it. Wow. Okay, so this is this where the self-sabotage really starts? Yeah, probably around bun. Yeah, that's when it starts to become actual life decisions. Yeah. I feel like in college. It was a good structure for me because even if I have my criticisms of it. I knew like get the paper done do this move forward and this way I had the structure that hyper ADHD kid probably needs and then I kind of got out and was like, oh, I don't want to teach history at school or something why I liked it. Yeah any particular period of history and a focus or Just history in general.
Yeah, I like modern history kind of World War One to present huh global politics and current events. Uh-huh. Those kinds of things. I think I mainly switched my major to history because it's something I realized that I was a big fan of like lost baby Wikipedia Star Wars things and I'd spend so much time kind of built. How does liking Star Wars lead to you being a history major? I'm sorry. I interrupted but you have a real good ability to just slip in things that are really making me. So happy Wikipedia. The word Wikipedia was said, I didn't see that coming at all applying something. I apologize for interrupting. So, how does that Lead to you being annoying major.
I realized especially with like developing kind of an encyclopedia kick knowledge of wasp and things like that. It's kind of like well your brain is built that way. Yeah. I know I can do this. I know I can store these facts and go way overboard correcting people on this these made-up universes.
Yeah, I know at least I can do well in kind of the same structure but with real things right so you can memorize details about battles about strategies about planning and what went into periods in between Wars and if somebody writes a paper and says tell us all about the The Landing at inchon and Korea if that's how you pronounce that I'm dumb.
Yeah, you can you can you can spit all that out. You can research that. You can retain that and you can Get down and you can tell that story back to that person. Yeah. Yeah, that's something I realized. I can if I'm gonna get through college. That's one thing I can see being good at huh? That's true. I know I can get by and if it's something I'm interested in it's easy. Yeah, I can do it.
So you get the history degree. You realize maybe history degree is not the most practical easy thing to practically apply you get it. Teaching degree feels like a very good background or like a very good Next Step decide. You don't want to teach history don't want to go into a middle middle school like you said so it's yeah. Okay. So you've made some decisions there on what you don't want to do and how does it how does it lead to I assume you graduate around 20 to 23. That's when most people graduate.
Yeah. Now we're four to five years later. What are the decisions between then and then and then and now because you you decided what you didn't want to do and now it's five years later and you still Don't know what you do want to do.
Yes, well, I got out of school. And I was living in a trailer park. Uh-huh. My friends that moved into the trailer next to me. She was working at this company. Uh-huh, right? I should I name names. Hey, that's up to you if it feels uncomfortable or awkward we can bleep it up. No just for identification purposes not.
Yeah. I'm not going to name someone's name and name the name of the company. I don't care who cared because I think it adds a lot to the story. Huh? The company is called Bank Tech tank attack. Yeah, so yeah, you're stuck in a job you hate and it's through a place called. Thank you Bank dick. Yeah. I've never heard a more hateable corporate name than bank. I know, isn't it? It sounds it's like they were trying to be a made-up company sounds like a thing. Mike Judge would make up.
Yeah. Yeah, it doesn't seem real. So you're just wait. You're just wandering the Halls waiting for Bank ticket to fire you. Yeah, so okay, man. Okay, man. Okay. I got it. Okay. Just wandering around not talking to anybody going on an exercise bike sitting in your car praying that bank Tech forces you to leave because you don't have the means to yeah to do it. So you need them to force you out to kick you. The yeah, cuz imma play force me out. I either cash can cash out my 401k or get severance pay right, right.
Goddamn Bank Tech as a whole new layer to it. But I know because I want to get to what's underneath this if this is okay because I'm so glad I asked what's behind it. Yeah, you're all thing is I want to get out of this job. But I mean, here's the thing. I wonder about because again, you know, I complain a lot in my work about getting bullied and stuff growing up but I've had it relatively easy and I know that you're a guy who I can say for you to just wind up being a guy with a head on your shoulders. That sounds to me like a victory sounds to me like there were a lot of factors. I'm lot of factors lined up where you're not the type of person who's even supposed to graduate college if I'm speaking frankly pursue. Yeah person born to parents in prison the the, you know, the the the that the deck is stacked against them.
So you fought through you're a fighter. You've been a fighter at points in your life because to get to that point that's not easy. Yeah, nobody would have blamed you. If you were the kid like burning other kids with cigarettes in high school. Nobody would have blamed you. They would have blamed your parents.
Yeah, we weren't that kid. You went to college you got a degree.
Yeah, your fighter my brother. My brother did tell me that recently. Like he said you've already won so don't stress out. That one's just do it. Just do what you want and how that had that had that sit with you.
It felt good for someone that knows me a favor. Yeah, and it sounds totally true, but it sounds to me like you it sounds to me like you. You we won round one, but do you want to fight it or you want to fight more rounds? Yeah.
What is it? What is it really? Like do you I don't know. I don't know. Do you feel like you're not supposed to take it further?
No, do you feel like you don't is it is it just you don't know how?
Yeah, do you still know your mom would be part of it? Mmm what you have a relationship with your mom. No, have you ever know?
Yeah.
Do you want to run around in and out of prison? Yeah, but it was the kind of thing like we had some awkward dinners at like a Chinese buffet and stuff. So sad you've had some sad interactions with your mom. Yeah, that's that is the kind of thing where I put in some effort around the time. I was in college and she seemed to be doing well.
Yeah, but I kind of realized like oh Even if I hold nothing against you, even if I'm not bitter this isn't really going to be repaired. This isn't going to be much more than it is. Yeah. See you have to walk away from that one at some point and you it sounds like you're the one putting it on the effort. So Yeah, so what is you take a step back?
You're sitting in your car. You're daydreaming. Mmm, if money is no object if background is nothing to overcome.
What's the dream? What would it be with none of those factors? What would the dream job be?
What would the dream life what's the dream life?
Don't know if I can comfortably give you an answer on that.
Wow.
That is a tough one. Yeah, what makes you happy on a daily basis? What are the moments that wake you up?
I will know.
What do you mean the moments that wake me up the things that get me Light My Fire? Give me going. Yeah, like the things that make you feel like you're not just smoking weed to numb yourself until you got to wake up the next morning and go back to bank Tech and sit in the car. What are the moments where you feel like you're actually living and not just punching the clock on your at bank Tech and fixing your car. Like what are the moments that you feel like? Fuck? Yeah. I'm actually doing it.
I don't know. I feel like they're there are things that I get excited about music or TV or something. I love your show. Thanks, man. But I feel a lot of those those things. I'm living kind of vicariously through I'm enjoying it, but I'm not I'm not out there living or I'm not out there doing. Uh-huh. And are you still in a small town?
No, you're in the city. Yeah, I moved.
So, is it a city that has can I ask you as a city that has culture like that does it have a culture of Comedy doesn't have a culture music. Do you go experience those things live in person? Yeah, not lightly lately. It's been go to work go home internet drink smoke sleep repeat. So we can call we can call this one. Honestly, you're giving up a little bit. Huh? No, I'm not giving up you feel like I am what shutting down? I don't know. I mean, I don't know you at all Beyond this beyond the past 43 minutes of our time together, but I'll say sounds to me like what you're describing is someone who entered the world under circumstances that I think most people would say baby shouldn't have to enter the world with those deficits and it sounds to me like you find it sounds to me like Like you fought all the way through college and then it sounds like after college sounds like you stopped fighting but I don't really know but that's just what it sounds like based on what you're telling me. It sounds like you you've stopped for you. I'm not I'd say that's accurate I think.
It sounds to me like a lot of the stuff you were talking about it earlier is like I want to get out get a new job figure out what it is. Take an improv class. See what my thing is experience. It seems like to me like the main thing is you gotta get fighting again, right? Yeah, we just got to do it, but you don't know what it is.
Yeah, you have no answers. Are you still in, Texas? Yeah, you have to think about getting out of Texas.
Yeah, I feel like I have never really entertained as a real possibility.
But it's something I've thought about the last year or so. Like I maybe I just need to make a bigger change to force myself to get moving some do move in some direction and let me ask his I haven't asked you this currently friend your friend unit. Love life these other things outside of the professional life that round you have these other platforms. How are they doing friends? I've got friends a lot of friends. I don't hang out with enough.
A lot of things I a lot of things I'm saying like I'm not doing it. I've got all my friends that are doing improv over at a comedy club or somewhere I could show up at and be but I'm just not doing that. So this is depression. Yeah, I think so and I think I've had plenty of friends and girlfriends say you're depressed you got problems and I and I think I kind of eye.
In denial, I've been there for many years there.
And I get it's hard. It's hard to start to admit that and people judge it and and and it's hard to just kind of suck it up and go get help but it's some it sounds to me like you're well aware that you gotta Yeah, and it sounds to me like you've found some things that kind of numb you to it, but nothing that's actually making some progress to get out of it, like drinking no drinking and weed will get you through the deli, but get me anywhere good and you've brought up improv a couple times. I wonder yeah, I wonder why you're not just doing it. That's what I'm wondering why you're not just doing it. You say meditating changes your day and then you just don't do it. Remember you just don't do it. And I don't know it's not easy and I know that's part of why it's like a thing that needs medication. And in treatment and I'm in I take those medications or C.
But what do I what do I gotta do to get you off this phone? What do I gotta do that? When you get off this phone you actually pick up the phone and call one of those improv friends and ask them how to get involved. How what do I got it? What do I got to do here? What do I got to do? You tell me what I gotta do because I want to help and we got 13 minutes left and the phone gets hung up and I might never speak to you again in our whole lives.
And this one is I'm going to think about forever.
How do I get you out of a company called Bank Tech? What do I do to make a company called Bank Tech. Do you think that's not factor in anyone's life? Because Bank texture I've gotta that's the first dragon. I've got a sleigh right you do. You gotta slay that Dragon. That's the perfect way to face it. How do I get you to slay this Dragon my man and no but here's the thing. I would even say this you can there's a way for you to live a life where you have to because you have to go there right now and that's miserable and you don't get and it's fine. But what's the other shit you can be doing. What's this shit you can be And at night to just get yourself feeling fulfilled a little bit get yourself feeling like it like, you know, there's something after it. That's not just go home and wait for the next time at bank Tech. What do I got to do on this one?
How do we do this? What do we do? I don't. All right. I got a I just got to get motivated, right? Yeah and idea ever you have a pep talk. How do I start fighting? I feel like this all phone calls been the guardian pep talk. Yeah, but I don't know if you can do more. But I want to so bad right isn't it on me?
It is on you, but it's a tough thing to say because it sounds like it sounds like you've lived a life where it's always been on you and I don't like that. I don't think that's fucking fair and I bet I bet that gets exhausting. I bet it gets exhausting for you to always have to be the one to just keep pushing keep pushing.
I bet that's fucking exhausting and it has been from day one.
Yeah, right that might be part of what this I kind of achieve some goals felt good and just got lazy. Let things go. Well, I always think it's not late. It's to me it's not laziness. It's that you know, you set your goals when you're young and then you realize those goals are actually achievable and then you're left holding the bag going like well wait, I thought that was going to take my whole life.
Yeah kind of what's next. Yeah like it seems to me like we you know, I think I don't know. This is everyone in the world. But Americans did the sense I get is we definitely kind of like put ourselves in the center of this idea of like there's a story that's going to have a beginning middle and end and then you get to something that feels like an end and you're like, oh wait, I have to live 60 more years shit. Yeah.
But thing I just got to start taking the small steps right doing the things dude. Go to live comedy show tonight. You should be going to see a band or a comedy show every night. You should be staying out late and talking to people every night because it sounds like you have a job or you could show up and literally go to sleep and no one would care.
Yeah sounds like if you better wouldn't matter it sounds like if you got four hours of sleep every night because you were out experiencing art and hanging out with people and doing crazy things and just Think you could come into bank text say hello. Lay down under your desk. Wake up eight hours later and do it all again, and there would be no consequences.
Yeah, go out every night. I haven't been.
I haven't been living you gotta live. I've been I feel like I get off work and I'm like, oh, I'd eight hours of sleep. Let's get through traffic and get home. Get eight hours. I hate that you guys stop doing it. What is tonight tonight's Monday something. There's something cool going on. You're in a city. I'm just gonna ask. I don't know. My heart is bleeding a little bit. What city are you and I know that this might identify you. What city are you in? Can I? Okay. I'm in Dallas Dallas their shit to do a Dallas the Dallas Fort Worth area one of the best. My life was eating that Joe Garcia's in Dallas. Is that it? You know that place. Yeah, it's a great place. No, no, you know. Yeah, I live in didn't I work in Dallas getting as a huge music scene didn't like an archive of Texas.
You're in the middle of it all go you go. See the marked men you go see the Mind spiders even I know the bands that are indented and I live in New York you call you live until it's full of college people were beautiful and young and making mistakes. You're in Tenten.
You gotta go. There's stuff everywhere. It's one of the Arts hubs. It's one of those places that you find out about that's like an oasis in a place that has a reputation for not being cultural and then you got a place like Denton and it's not even Austin that's all blown out. It's Denton that still pure you gotta go.
You gotta just go outside. What do you mean you got this there's but I know the band's you could be seeing ya The Marked men are like Denton Legends in the punk world and They're all themselves. There's a huge DIY Community. You got this. It's right there. You just gotta walk in and be a part of your well-spoken guy in the clearly a nice guy.
You can do it on there's no excuse. There's no excuses there. I'm gonna Wonder forever. If you did it should have I'm gonna Wonder forever if you did we got seven minutes, and I'm not convinced.
Oh, I don't know. I'm not convinced either know. That's what you're lying to me. I just want you to go be happy and see music and comedy and then wrestle all the autistic kids your heart desires.
Are you inside? Are you still in that weird hallway? No, I'm outside by trees. I'm taking around your by a tree you're working and they don't care. You're not gonna get in any trouble for this. I know I boss is gone for the week. I need you to just start screaming. I need you to scream as loud as you can.
My boss is gone for the week. And I'm in charge of the office start screaming. I need you to scream as loud as you can break the pattern do a thing. That's the first off. More more that's the first step. That's what I got. That's the first step. You just started screaming in the middle of the day.
That's the first step. I think so man. We gotta we gotta we gotta bust this out. Yeah, you've come too far. You've come too far to know that you're there you come too far to know that your wheels are spending and to not keep going. There's no way there's no way.
Yeah sound like a genuinely nice guy. Is that true? Are you a nice guy? Yeah. Yeah. I'm nice. I think I tried a and you don't have to be a try to make that my goal to at least be nice to people and you don't have to be the world wasn't nice to you in the beginning. So we're not gonna let this Peter out. Did it feel good to scream or just weird?
Yeah. No, I told you I'm a very loud person. That's good. Great, I'm gonna try it ready. Yeah.
Those birds are birds good. Yeah, they're birds around here.
Someone pulled up right next to me or I'd screen. Should I scream? Anyway, you tell me if it would feel good. It would feel good.
Yeah, screaming feels good. Does this birds are really loud too. Yeah. Got a little nature area out here. That sounds nice. Yeah.
But yeah, I mean you've convinced me I was aware of a lot of things. But yeah, I don't have any excuses. Have you sent in the fill out more? Have you expressed this discontent out loud before this?
Yeah, maybe not in this measure of a way of really telling someone like yeah, this is a no. These are my issues. I'm constantly telling myself. I know I'm drinking too much what that that was good. Have you thought about it? Would you say would you think you're an alcoholic Point? Can I asked bluntly?
I think I would say no, but then if I Like a wrote down on paper. Like I drink that go through a six-pack or I went through a bottle of whiskey from Thursday to Sunday is not good now. Can I ask another may be uncomfortable question. Are you drinking alone? Are you drinking alone? Oh, yeah. That's the only time dude that's step one.
Yeah at least drink with a buddy at least drink with a buddy and he's drinking a bar at least drink in a bar where the bartender's deck. No, because that wouldn't be a problem. That's step one. That's step one. But yeah just shots of Jameson off the bookshelf. That's it. That's it right there.
Yeah, you could be drinking at a music show. You could be drinking in a comedy club, you know killing two birds with one stone. You could be retaining drinking that makes you feel good. Yeah. Yes. Say it all him minutes away from Dallas Comedy House killing me. You could be stopping there you could be do today ever do they have open mics there?
Yeah open mics to I've known for months open mics Tuesday.
I've got something ready. You got an active got an act you want to try. Yeah, you're doing it tomorrow. You're doing it tomorrow. What time is the open mic night at seven or eight is that it's a you you could be on the way home from on the way home from work. You could stop you could get a meal you could have a courage shot. Yeah, and you could go do it.
And it wouldn't even really affect your commute. It would just be a meal that you eat. Yeah, it'd be right where I'm working. You're doing it tomorrow promise me. You're doing it tomorrow promise me. I'll do it tomorrow. I promise you have a promise and if I'm promising you that hold some weight to it. I'm telling you. I took Michael when you said you work next to the Dallas Comedy House. I took my glasses off and I threw them on this table hard enough that I almost broke him.
I'm sorry. No, no, I'm piling up that bad. No, I'm trying to be doing it. Right? No because you're right there you're gonna go do that. I can tell you exactly I can tell you the time and day of the open mic you're ready to do it and you're doing it tomorrow and it's free. We're looking it up on the website right now. It's free. You're doing it tomorrow.
You're gonna do it. And here's what's gonna happen is you're gonna go and it's gonna go terrible. It's your first open mic. It's gonna go off. Let's not gonna be fun. You're not going to be funny and it's going to feel really uncomfortable. But you're going to feel fucking no live, man. You're going to alive Yeah, and do me a favor. I'm going to do me a favor.
You're going to get the movie Akira Pai Akira Kurosawa. I know this is pretentious. Watch that movie. Watch that movie. Ikiru Aki are you I Ki. Are you promise me you'll watch that movie changed my life and got me motivated. We got less than a minute left. And then the phone's going to get hung up, even though I want to talk to you all day. You promised me you knew that open mic tomorrow. You promised me. Yeah. Okay. Let's seal the come on. Do you know how we have to seal the promise?
How do we see you both at the same time? Ready? 1 2 3 I'm gonna do it over by tomorrow. I'll do it tomorrow.
I'm gonna do you scream that one less loud and I felt you not committing fell you not committing to it. Yeah tomorrow 15 seconds left and I just felt like you're gonna bail on it and do my best don't bail only Chris go. I want to do it for Kris. Gethin do it for me man. Four, three, two, one our phones gonna cut off do it. I love you. All right. Love you, too.
This is of course the infamous iconic song from the swing scene in akhira, the 1952 Kurosawa movie. I pretentiously mentioned at the end of that call. If you have seen that movie your heart is now ripped out of your chest because it's heartbreaking highly recommend that movie and of course, it's in Japanese.
I'll translate the lyrics for you what they mean is go do an open mic in Dallas. The only one who can change your life is you thank you to that guy for the anonymous caller was really So inspiring to talk to you and to hear your life story and you were Brave and shared so many details and that's beautiful guys. If you like the show go to iTunes subscribe rate review. Those things helped so much more than you guys even realize it and I know it's gross to ask you to do it, but do those things if you like it, I want to thank John I want to thank Greta for turning this into not just me screaming with a stranger but into an actual coherent product a money-making product, which is what we do here at Earwolf East man, you don't want your producer desert in your video man. Come to the east coast. I'm trying to start a fight where I am the Didion I assume Hillary Frank will be the biggie of Earwolf. Peace.
And of course, I have to thank my friend she'll shag for contributing to theme music. What a great band. They're beautiful. They're in love. Anyway, Chris get that Comfort touring dates. The Chris gethard show. Com. If you're interested in that support all that your wolf shows. I'm so lucky to be a part of this and if you ever want to call keep your eye on Twitter, that's where we plug when we're taking calls. So We all talk to you someday beautiful Anonymous easy.
How about will sneak peek on next time? I'm beautiful and arminius. Where did you go when you were 10? Where did what do you need a passport from when you were 10? I'm from a Jewish family. So my parents went took me to Israel. Oh nice. We did the old pilgrimage. Yeah. Are you Orthodox? Are you an orthodox guy? I'm not but I grew up with it. But you grew up very Orthodox that he walked away from it. Yeah.
Wow, huh? Yeah. I used to have a black hat and all that stuff you did you wear the hat? Yeah. Are you is your family still Orthodox? Yes, you all shift away or did you break away from the family? Here's me. Yeah, so that's a thing didn't go over. Well next time. I'm beautiful anonymous.
This has been an Earwolf production executive produced by Scott Aukerman Adam Sachs and Chris Bannon for more information and content visit Earwolf. Com.
It's such a good movie every time I watch this movie on my car. I gotta go get some shit done man, so I could get hit by a bus tomorrow. It's the best the most motivating movie. Oh, yeah those The real legs life is so short fall in love dear Maiden while your lips are still red. And before you are cold for there will be no tomorrow.
Look at his sad face. That's a common podcast.
Have you ever needed a doctor late at night or when you're traveling tell the doc gives you 24/7 access to board certified doctors anytime anywhere for non emergency conditions that are board certified doctors can diagnose treat and prescribe medication when medically necessary tell the doc is available through most insurance or employers at $45 or less of visit download the app today or visit Tesla doc. Com stories to register today. Ste. La Dio si. Com / stories
A chance encounter at a coffee shop unearthed difficult experiences from this callers high school years. The troublesome nature of the call brings out Chriss anger and rarely-seen North-Jersey-guy-ready-to-break-bones side.This episode is brought to you by Mailchimp (www.mailchimp.com), Squarespace (www.squarespace.com code: CG), Seeso (www.seeso.com code: BEAUTIFUL), and Talkspace (www.talkspace.com/beautiful).
Today's episode of beautiful stories from Anonymous people is sponsored by MailChimp. Guess what? I guess who I used to be. I used to be a young man. Just trying to find a way to tell my story to the world. You know. What I did I sign up for MailChimp is very true before they were ever sponsor the show and I said because I did I always have this cult fanbase and no way to get to him and all of a sudden everybody sign up. They all came to me and now I can send my biggest fans. These booty emails is a very very cool thing that MailChimp does they've got gorgeous pieces on templates. You can code your Rone, it's easy a lot easier than the phrase code. Your own sounds show you how to send when to send why people open an email or delete it.
They'll help you find people help you grow your business. I can say that personally because it worked for me MailChimp helps you tell your story effectively and find people care about it more at mailchimp. Com. It's important for today's show comes from Squarespace whether you're starting a new business or launching a creative project count on Squarespace to help you create an eye-catching and professional website that stands out from the rest with Squarespace has beautifully designed templates and customizable features. You'll have everything you need be it a landing page Gallery blog eat. You got everything you need to make your next move into a reality start your free trial today at squarespace. Com. Enter offer code CG like me Chris gethard you get 10% off your first purchase that squarespace. Com offer code CG even get a free domain Hello to all my nervous laughers out there. It's beautiful Anonymous one hour one phone call. No names No Holds Barred.
Hello, everybody get their here little shell-shocked explain. Why in just a second before I do want to say thanks to everybody who enjoyed last week's episode fugitive father. We all heard about that. It's funny. I thought I thought everybody's in react hard to the stuff about about that guys. His dad's a loser.
Tivities and that got something I noticed in the Facebook group. So many people actually talking about the stuff we talked about regarding higher education, which was really cool to be a bunch of people in the Facebook group someone who was the parent of a kid who's kind of struggling to find their place in school and a lot of people giving advice about that seems like that whole topic. Actually. I didn't realize how much of an issue that is that you spending all this money. Send your kid to school your kids depressed at but you don't want him to drop out of school a lot of discussion about that side of it happy to see that going that direction didn't see it coming. Now.
This week's car just recorded it moments ago immediately. We all hung up and we're like What do we even do? Do we even what do we do? I had the Instinct of Cotillion put it out. And here's what I realize is. You're going to hear a call. It's a I stay in the course of the called by far the most angry I've ever been in the course of a call and and you guys know I don't we put out anything man. We put out anything and this one we were like We do.
This is a person who went through some stuff that no kid should go through this person who you'll hear my opinion. I sort of bring up is there maybe a little still a little bit of denial going on or a little bit of need to reconcile some of this stuff. I bring those things up. I try to get all those opinions on record. Ultimately. I think I want to put this one out because first of all to hear the perspective of someone who is inside a situation like this is rare and eye-opening and and but but most of all my guess is that there might be some other people out there who are in situations like this or surrounding situations like this on the periphery of them and and I hope that by hearing this maybe could make people feel a little less alone or feel like maybe things will be a little more. Okay, you'll see what I mean. I don't want to say too much more than that. I want everybody make their own decisions, but you'll hear my reactions in this one are pretty hard and firm if not extreme. So this caused a little Head spinning at the tough one in many ways.
So let's get into it. Usually I almost every episode. I say Enjoy the call. I think this I don't want to say that with this one. So I'll just say here is I call you can listen to thank you for calling beautiful Anonymous a beeping noise will indicate when you are on the show with the host.
Hello, is this Chris?
Yeah. Hi. Hey Chris. How are you? Doing? Pretty good. I gotta say feeling okay today went to the gym got the adrenaline up, you know those endorphins feeling good.
That's awesome. That's office that I mean obviously just about to lay down and take a nap. And then I saw you are filming like always you call.
I don't want to interrupt an actual music.
Scary intro music that you huh, people have said the intro music is weird and somewhat terrifying but here's an announcement.
Jared has figured out how to switch it. So I'm going to curate a playlist. I'm going to replace that any day any day now something happy and upbeat would be good. Thank you so much for the suggestion.
What if I did what if it was all super dark what if I made it like worse?
What am I a really dark? Just like that's like black metal like those metal bands from northern Europe. They sing about burned down churches. Like what is that? What if I replace the intro music and then I was like, yeah, you guys shouldn't complain you had it. You didn't even know how good you had it back. Then.
I feel like you know, you get people in the mood.
I've never heard the whole tier intent.
I have no idea what it sounds like really.
It's I don't know. It sounded kind of show Papa asked it was some sort of piano.
I don't know. It's just creepy.
Yeah. Jared says typed. It's weird atonal piano music.
Exactly. That's precisely what it is.
Okay. So, what about you? What's up?
Oh man. Um, well, I was just what is up? I don't know. I'm sorry. I'm like waking up for my half nap. I have been thinking about something for the past week that I've been talking with a couple of my friends about and maybe if you want to give me advice. On the situation or talked with me about it. That sounds good basically, so basically when I was about 15 years old, I had a inappropriate relationship with a former teacher of mine.
Wow, this is something that like, I actually it's interesting to talk about now because I really don't think about it a lot like I don't feel that it's traumatized me in any way. I feel like I have a very good life. I have a pretty happy fulfilled wonderful life and I don't like it. I don't know a lot of people I feel like you talk about this stuff feel very traumatized by it and I actually don't think that it affected me in a in a really adverse way. But but I have not thought about it a lot over the past 10 years because I've been out of contact with this person and I ran into this teacher lat tweak at Starbucks Wow, what if that was all just a clever way to have like like Grassroots Starbucks advertising but if that was all secret Starbucks at your landing on Stones, so I need you to walk with the I mean, where do we where do you want to start?
Do you want to tell me how this relationship develops or do you want to tell me what this this current day encounter was like I want to hear both sure.
What I guess I could tell you how it developed. So he was one of my middle school teachers. He was incredibly popular teacher one of the teacher of the year kind of people. I guess he was always my favorite teacher and I wouldn't say that I had like a crush on him per se but I always really admired him.
He was you know, one of those teachers that I'd love to go and hang out in this classroom after school really just loved his class thought he was hilarious. Really looked up to him I guess is more of a mentor than anything else and and he kind of took me under his wing. I guess he you know, I was always teacher's pet.
He it's interesting because I didn't really looking I guess maybe that's something that is interesting for me now because looking back I see some of the ways in which may be some of the contact we had even when I was his student was slightly Appropriate but I didn't necessarily see it that way at the time like I remember when I did really bad on a math exam. He bought me a book and give me a book the next day to comfort me about it, or he you know, he would message me on like AOL Instant Messenger after school. Oh boy we were talking about I know it's so inappropriate now, but at the time I just kind of brushed it aside, right and you know, my parents my parents actually discovered that we were talking on AOL and my dad almost went in to talk to the principal at the time because I remember he noticed something that he had said to me to the effect of you looked really pretty today or that was a nice dress today something fairly innocuous, but still Slightly inappropriate very, you know, probably not much right heel.
Well, Tony kid you had a pretty dress. Okay. So your dad sees these messages, right?
So my dad sees these messages and he was irate and he wanted to go in and and speak and speak with him and I begged him not to and my mom actually ended up asking him not to as well because my mom was also under his charm knowing what a positive influence. Wednesday had been in my life in so many ways and and you know, she didn't want to cause trouble for me and she believed me when I was saying that you know, it's completely innocuous and he doesn't mean anything by it etcetera Etc.
So she didn't do anything about it at the time and neither did my mom and did you tell the tempted to keep did the teacher know they were you like?
Hey my dad's mad at you cool out. No I did.
I didn't say anything because I think at that point nothing was going on besides, you know, speaking outside of school and him showering me with affection and you know saying that I guess, you know being kind of a mentor figure and and important person in my life that he wasn't overtly that's as far as name is complements with go, you know, he wasn't he wasn't flirting flirting with me or nothing inappropriate was going on besides that okay conversations, so And I guess at the time I was also going through sort of a hard time with my family my family moved around a lot.
My mom deals with some chemical sensitivity stuff and she's never really happy staying in one place. So we moved I was always in the same same school district, but I was kind of like the richest Homeless girl you've ever met, you know, like my mom would like all of a sudden decide that we had to go live in a hotel because there's mold in our basement kind of thing.
So he might have been one of those mentors like providing some To stability and talk to me and being someone that I could go and bent to about how crazy my family was and I think my mom appreciated him being kind of a rock for me. And that was maybe one of the reasons that she didn't want to confront him either.
So anyway, yeah, so we just you know, he was a really good teacher to me that year and then I continue, you know ours probably about 1213 at that time. And then I stayed in touch with them when I started high school and I would come back after school and help him grade papers just you know, our friendship continued essentially and trying to think when it turned I guess I had lent him. It was like the summer before my sophomore year, but I was 15 and I had lunch. The book that he invited me to drop by his apartment and pick up and that was the first time that he kissed me.
I just ran up to the apartment to grab this book. And then I was on my way to the airport. Actually. I was leaving on some sort of school trip to Europe and and then from there on began this really more of an emotional relationship than anything else. It wasn't I never slept with them. It was more. Or just you know, maybe some like intense make-out sessions. Sorry like TMI, but you know a lot of been a lot of kind of an emotional affair. I guess it's our described it a lot of late-night chats and an emotional conversations and slightly inappropriate physical advances.
So you said it never it. Never been done never became like full-on sexual, but you You were making out. I just want to I just want to be clear. I think that's what you said.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's correct. I mean there was like a little bit of heavy petting but there was nothing explicitly or like full-on sexual.
Wow, I got a lot of opinions.
I'm sorry, you do. How long did it go on that last?
It lasted a year and a half a year and a half of you making out with this teacher a year and a half. Yeah, and I ended up cutting it off when I was 16 minute. I was like Midway through my junior year of high school and I Evan I mean like I think had I wanted it to go further sexually it definitely would have fortunately for me. It was a huge Goody Goody Two-Shoes in high school and I was going to wait until marriage to have sex. I didn't drink he didn't do drugs.
I was a very good girl and there's also very strict than Goody Goody Two-Shoes when it came to my boundaries. So he respected that and he was very good about respecting my boundaries and everything was completely consensual. Um, but yeah for a year and a half I made out with my teacher. Wow.
Wow. Okay, and then what happened when you saw no, I want to just hear all the facts and then we're going to get me and you were going to get into it. All right, we're going to get into it on this way. So what happened when you ran into him at Starbucks and had you been at did you keep in touch with this guy even if you cut it off or did it um, so yeah, so I guess I should finish like how it ended so I cut it off when I was, you know, 16 half midwinter my junior year.
And then my senior year after everything was over my mom ended up reading my diary and finding out everything that happened.
I thought I was being super discreet about it. But I wrote about everything in this like big black Journal that was labeled. My diary.
I believe that out. Well bleep that out with come on the time card.
No, that's okay.
That's okay. We're getting into it. We're feeling really loose here. Jared's noting the kind of cold so we can bleep out. Out a name that was inadvertently said, okay.
So your mom your mom finds it does she lose her mind.
Yeah, she was incredibly upset on so many levels. I mean first of all she and my dad felt terrible for not better protecting me for not noticing, you know, the warning signs earlier for not going in and talking to him and soon as my dad had discovered those conversations.
See was also really upset with me. She felt like she didn't know what she could trust anymore because I was a very it was a good kid, but I you know in order to keep this affair going I lied a lot, you know be like 10 and once I do I have to run to safe way to pick up cookie dough to make cookies for school tomorrow when I'm back there was going to go meet him in a parking lot and make out in this car for half an hour Jenna Thing.
So she didn't know you know, she could trust me and was really upset with me for lying to her and was really upset with him for using her trust and my chest and she she wanted me to go forward to to the school and basically say what had happened in turn him in and encourage him to get counseling or get him stopped teaching. She didn't necessarily want him to go to jail.
Or anything like that, but she wanted him, you know out of school system.
And so I at the time I was really resistant to doing that because because I cared a lot about him and because he was also married and I worried about worried about him losing his job and worried about him burning his married.
Okay. Sorry. I've been sitting on every reaction I have so we can get the facts out. But that one that one okay that's pushing be pissed but of A Tipping Point anyway, okay, so he's married. Uh-huh.
Okay, so I but anyway I did end up I did end up actually cooperating with the school police about it, but I wasn't going to and then what ended up convincing me was my dad, you know took me out one night and my dad is like the most Very sweet man, but like so stoic and not very emotional and he just broke down crying and was really apologetic for not being there more as a father and you know saw it all is his fault and you know was convinced that they were probably be other girls in my situation. And and so I and you know, like I ended up convincing myself that it was the best thing to go ahead and enter in this guy in so I I cooperated with the The you know internal School investigation and ended up recording a phone call with him is as evidence of what was going on because they needed I guess I deleted all my conversations and you needed like concrete evidence that something had happened and and so the guy ended up he ended up losing his job his teaching job, but he went on to do other things.
And you know Had a had a career after that and I Loosely kept that. I've Loosely kept up over the years with you know, what he said up to on LinkedIn and different social networks. And right after I had turned them in and the whole thing Came Crashing Down I had felt really terrible about it. And so I had written him a note sort of long apology letter about how I was so sorry and how I hope you understood and he had responded to that basically saying, you know, don't worry about it.
I really care about When I always well, but we can't speak for a number of years according, you know, according to my lawyer for statutory limits and everything.
So that was the last that I had that was the last contact that I had had with them before I summon Starbucks.
Wow, so I can I give you my opinion then we'll pick up with what happened at Starbucks because I just want this on record because I've been biting my tongue.
Sure, go for it.
I fucking hate this guy. I hate him so much. I'm not even going to apologize to my mom on that one because she's nodding in agreement. I hate this guy. He was an abuser and he manipulated you and I'm glad you're not traumatized by it. But you're so lucky that you're not you're so lucky that you're not because this guy sounds like a fucking creep.
What a creep.
That's my that's my opinion. I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what like I might like, you know, I make most of my most of my career as a stand-up comic I don't know. I think a lot of people listen to the podcast all I know me through this site or a lot. I do a lot of college shows and it's so interesting because it's I'm 36 years old I go to college and I love my love my love and and like, you know being around like, you know, these college students like have something to say and are like these motivated people. It's like really inspiring to be around that energy in the way. They the way they express their appreciation for art. It's like coolest thing but there's some Comics who are like, oh College gigs. I'm gonna go like sleep with a college girl and that's at the age of 36. It's like unfathomable to me.
It's unfathomable to me.
Let alone someone like that. Just yeah age wise. I'm just like this like the idea that a grown-up would flirt with a thirteen-year-old the fact that he liked it. Is there a God I'm getting mad.
You can hear it like your well-adjusted about this your so well-adjusted and I the last thing I want to do is like put any like here's how you should be reacting.
But just when Reacting like do you look back when you realize well, I because I hear you saying that you know, you moved around a lot and you were you were a little foundationless as a kid, don't you feel like he targeted you like as soon as I hear that I'm like it sounds like he targeted you.
Yeah, I think yeah in a way for sure. I mean, I think that's I think what what's tricky about these situations is there is like when you're a 15 I mean, yeah, it's troubling looking back is you know, seeing the friendship that started so close as early as 13 when I was a student up as but I think there's some sort of like gray area for me in my mind where I'm like, okay. Well pedophilia is you know, like young prepubescent children, but then like when you're 15 16, there are girls that physically I think, you know could be walking down the street and a 30 year old guy could think that they're very attractive.
But it is kind of like what you're saying like once you start talking to that person. Like I know now that I'm you know, now I'm in my thirties and now when I am around young 20-somethings or teens, it's true that you know, you can see someone think other an attractive person and then they open their mouth and you're like, okay, they're so much younger and so Lessman sure, so I don't know I guess I've dealt with a lot of like cognitive dissonance just nuns around that unlike Well, the attraction seems understandable and then I like to think that I sorry. I'm kind of rambling.
But I like I like to think that I was you know, I was always a really good student and and I think we're that where he was probably really effective is just being very flattering and how talented I was and how smart I was and how and so on the one hand. He was like this kind of incredible Mentor in a way right like in the Sun.
Completely fucked up, but like he was one of those people in my adolescence who was always there believing in me and telling me how much wonderful person I was and how I was going to go off into the world and do anything I wanted to do and how you know, what a wonderful writer I was how talented and and when you get those kind of compliments, yeah, I mean it's kind of it feels manipulative and in the same way and like a kind of weird fucked-up way like it was also helpful to me about time. Like I think I got a lot of self-confidence from his reinforcements and I think that I almost didn't find it weird that he liked me so much because I also saw myself as a talented young woman and And I know that sounds weird. But and so I think they like in my My I think in a way in my head for this past decade has been able to reconcile what happened was by saying that like, oh, I was this really mature for my age beautiful talented girl and I was like an exception to some Rule and it's a little odd, but it's not out of the realm of possibility that an older man would fall so hard for me because it was really like he was in love like and maybe he was lying about it. But like the the The way the relationship played out was more like a romantic relationship than it was like a I don't know. I've read some Memoirs of people have these like teacher-student relationships and they're so explicitly sexual and like obviously abusive and and it was never like that.
So so everybody go ahead and take a deep breath very warranty and I'm sure everyone has their reactions building and mounting. I know I do but a warranted let's everybody just cool out for a second. We got we got so many advertisers and help us bring this show to you free. And I want you guys to listen to the products the services that they have to offer use those promo codes helps the show a little bit back right more with one of the most intense calls than history a beautiful and honest.
I very much believe that everybody should take care of themselves and everybody could take a little bit better care of themselves and taking care of mental health. It's no exception. I'm a very big very public advocate of that idea. That's why today's sponsor talk space the online therapy company makes it easy to connect with an experienced licensed therapist hand-picked just for you for as little as thirty two dollars a week using Talk space.
You can send your therapist text messages audio video messages whenever you want you do a live video chat. Very modern very easy. There's a lot of barriers of Entry when it comes to therapy talks place is really providing a new version of it that I think a lot of people might be super comfortable with if you need to vent about work family get get through something that's been on your mind. No problem. Your therapist is ready to help sign up learn more go to talk space. Com slash beautiful special offer for our listeners use the coupon code beautiful you get $30 off your first month show your support for this podcast. That's code, beautiful.
Talk space. Com slash beautiful. Talk space is therapy for how we live today?
Support for today's show comes from Squarespace. Whatever your next big idea might be account on Squarespace to help you create an eye-catching online platform brings that idea to life. This is whether you're starting a business launching a creative project. You're looking to change careers whatever you need Squarespace has these templates customizable features gives you everything you need to look like an expert right from the start even get a unique domain such a part in your field.
I guess what I'm all I ever need all I ever need with my website is I do shows on the road. I need to update that and do it. I worked with 19 web. Entered in my life every single one of them couldn't figure out had just had to do it. I go on Squarespace easy customizable all of a sudden. I'm building a website where I can update my own stuff at my own Leisure. I don't need to contact some web designers got 35 other projects going on at the same time Squarespace. It puts the agency in your hands award-winning templates.
They got everything simple and intuitive your range your content with the click of a mouse. It's great and you don't have to install anything. It's very very easy. And also if it's not easy customer support 24/7 Evan no, such thing as a dumb question trivial question you think of them as your own it department.
So make your next move start your free trial at squarespace. Com today. Enter offer code CG you get 10% off your first purchase plus a free domain CG. I'm spelling it out here for you see G at squarespace. Com take control of your website.
Thank you to all of you advertisers out there. You really do make this show happen now, let's get back to the phone call.
People have these like teacher-student relationships and I started corporately sexual and like obviously abusive and and it was never like that.
So and that's great I had and that's good and I'm a couple things going to say, I don't know what I'm talking about. I haven't studied this stuff. I got an American studies degree from a from Rutgers University a mid-level States go. I don't know what I'm talking about. I'm just going to tell you my gut reactions is even like you were there.
Okay, you were in it. You're allowed to react. However you want. I just feel like I have some responsibility to draw a line in the sand and say you even hearing even hearing you say like, you know, you were mature and you were talented and I could see how somebody could fall for that. There's a part of me that needs to step in and say Again, you were there.
If the specifics of this are some miracle where there is love involved. Great, but I would say the counter side of that is the idea that you said before that you would like sneak out of the house and tell your parents. You're going to buy cookie dough. And this guy knows you're doing that and he's making out with a 15 year old kid and he knows that kid just told their parents. I left the house to get cookie dough.
That's that's warped that's really warped. And it makes it makes me want to put my fist through a wall. Honestly. It makes me like want to cry my eyes out the idea that a kid would say. I'm going to buy cookie dough and then this fucking married dude who currently the track the kids and put himself in an environment to be around them could do that and make its again to me I wasn't there to me.
There's no excuse and there's no world in which it's okay. And I'll see you guys I'll say this too. It's a part of me that arguably thinks it's weirder that you just made out. There's something so weird about that for some reason. That's so weird because I'm reading that even that bugs me. I don't know if anyone else listening would be thinking that but that bugs me out even more and the idea and the idea that you said, it was almost like an emotional relationship.
In what? I'm just trying to think of any world in which as a man in my 30s, I have to assume this guy was in you know, if he's a teacher he's at least in his mid-20s. You can assume probably a little older. How old was he when all this was happening.
He was mid 30s and guy any thought guy my age having any sort of emotional connection with a 15 year old girl.
He knows it's wrong. He knows it's wrong and you don't have to You know it's wrong and and you're you're you're saying now like, oh I can see I can see maybe and and it's great that it didn't traumatize you but I would also say just a big Hefty fuck that guy. He knew what he was doing. He knew it wasn't okay.
He knew it wasn't. Okay, and it's not. Okay, and I'm glad you can laugh about it now, but I just I can't I can't I can't pretend that I don't hate this guy and that for any specifics you have about what it was like being there with him and what it really felt. Like there's there's just no way I can I can convince myself of that. So I'm going to let you know that I'm very angry for the rest of this call.
Why were you happier about the making out there?
Are you okay say it say it. What was it?
And for anybody I mean I assume everybody knows a I am it was like a kind I think Gchat has kind of replaced it. That's probably the closest analogy of like and texting texting has also kind of so you're or Whatsapp, right? Like right. So you're basically what in what would be good? Caldwell in modern terms, that would be called sexting with this guy who's in his 30s and who's married exactly.
Hmm.
So he's telling you all these things he's telling you all these things he wants to do and then you're getting over there and making out and then you're saying hey no, we gotta stop and and then and then he's gone with that. Thank God.
Yeah, exactly.
Fuck this guy. Did he have to register as a sex offender? When all this went down now, it's so he did that son of a bitch. I don't this motherfucker gets hit by lightning. I hope he got off this guy. I hope I hope this guy walks under a construction site mccrane topples over at that moment. I got no stomach for this guy. This guy's a dead person and you you can laugh all you want. I'm glad it didn't traumatize you.
Registered clean my well, I think that was partly I think that maybe that's part of what you know, I'm sort of thinking about this week is like was that the correct decision because I didn't, you know, I cooperated with the school system and told them what was going on, but I decided not to press charges further than that or get him on any sort of registered lists, and I was very proud.
You know, I turned them in but I was also very protective of them and had I gone a little further. I think he would have ended up on him sex registry. So I don't know I think and I think about sex so just use and here's here's here's what here's a question.
That is a loaded question. But I want to know the answer to you know, if he still works with kids.
He does not work with kids, but I know that he coaches his so Yeah, he has daughters and he coaches one of his daughters sports teams, but it's much younger much much younger. So I like 90% I think it's okay.
I hope this is wife does is what has my wife must know everything that went down.
That's what I assumed. That's what I assumed but I I think he ended up getting off pretty easy. I learned through.
I learned recently that the principle that was actually responsible for for firing him or charged with firing him as close family friends with his family. So I don't know how much much how much information they ended up being divulged or or what that situation one.
So is like Catholic Church Catholic Church style handled behind closed doors precisely.
Okay, so so yeah, so I mean that was the last time that was the last contacts that I had with him, you know. A decade ago and and the other day, you know, I know that he lives in the same general area. So I've always four years of this one kind of like preparing myself for this moment that I would run into him again. I'm like it's inevitable that we're going to run into him again, you know, I have like mutual friends will be like, oh, you know, I saw mr. So-and-so it, you know Walmart the other day, so I've known that he's still around and I've kind of figured that this would happen.
One day and yeah Starbucks so so I just walked into this Starbucks on a weekend morning and it was crazy full-on. I was you know going there to get some work done and have my laptop with me and I was like looking around at the different tables to figure out what table I could snag and I'm staring open mind like absent-mindedly over.
Boost in the corner and I see this like father and his two daughters two daughters sipping lemonade and I'm like, oh, well, they're probably gonna leave soon. I can I can swipe that boost. I'm just staring at him for like a minute and then I realized that it was my that was my former teacher.
Did you say anything?
I did I would my impulses to go up and say hi because I'm awkward like that. I just love awkward situations. I don't know why I'm just really curious about people and enjoy awkward situation. But I also I thought that I don't know like it. Like I said, I haven't felt very traumatized by it over the past few years and I kind of wanted him to know that you know, we were like, we're we're cool the other day I guess.
And you know that I wish him well and so my impulses to go and say hi. But but because he was with his daughters. I didn't want to I didn't want to bother him, but I wanted to let him know that he could come say hi to me if you wanted and I didn't know if you'd seen me so I was going to order just like a black coffee, but I changed my order to a mocha so they would have to yell my name out in the Starbucks to try to get his attention, but he left before before they called me.
Coffee out and he didn't turn around. So so, you know, I didn't say hi to him there, but then I ended up shooting him a note on one of his social media profiles basically being like hey, I think that was you at Starbucks. I don't know if you saw me but like, you know, I don't want to bother you and I won't bother you now, but just wanted to let you know that you know, it's good to see you're well and I wish you the best and he ended up responding to that.
And you did it popping back over to Starbucks in the hours that followed say hello.
He came back.
He came back alone.
How long without his daughters right? Right. So what does he say?
So he only had like five minutes and he just kind of talk that me for the five minutes and the he said the, you know, I've been entirely too kind and too. Sure, and but it was so surreal, you know, it was one of those moments that so surreal that like you you kind of are sitting there knowing that it's happening but not capturing everything that's being said to you, but I don't remember exactly when the words that came out of his mouth but something to the effect of like one of his church sermons recently being about turning the other cheek to your enemy and he's like, I feel like that's what you've been doing the past ten years and it's really kind of you and he'd also followed some of what I've been up to professionally over the past 10 years and said, you know, you should be really proud of yourself and you've turned out to be such a wonderful young woman and feta cheese feta and he Ben told me about as kids about that his daughters about his professional life what he's been up to and then he was just like, you know, I'd love to talk more and I love to I'd love to grab lunch.
Are you kidding me?
Right you're lying.
Did you get lunch with them how I got one for ya.
Is this real? Is this real?
I promise you this?
What happened on this problem on show what happened on this lunch?
Like a date you go on a date with this fucking guy?
Kind of so so so so seeing him at Starbucks was actually really nice because I felt like I really appreciated what he said and I felt that he kind of acknowledged that but you know what he did was kind of weird and that I had been very kind to him or what not. And so I thought that we were going to accepted the lunch because I thought that he wanted to talk more in depth about that, but then it was the most surreal. Lunch because it was like just talking to me as if I were another former student like it was very like catch up. Like what are you up to like giving me kind of career advice this talking to me about like everything except for the elephant in the room kind of thing.
So it never came up no and never came up, but then he so then you get messaging me afterwards and then so This is kind of what this is like the current dilemma. A man is that he's been messaging me like almost constantly since since we caught up and since we saw each other because he still married and I'm the guy still married.
He's still married. Yeah. I hate this guy so much.
I'm gonna ask you honestly like all all sense of entertainment and any sense of this any and you know, it's kind of this podcast is not even comedy and it hasn't been for a while. I'll but any sense of entertainment aside. Have you ever spoken to a professional about this situation?
No not about this one in particular is so you have seen a stripper that this never came up. No, I went to see a therapist for like five sessions once after a really bad breakup.
That's that because I'm just going to be totally honest with you. And and I don't this one's breaking my heart. I'm just going to be totally honest with you and say It's a married guy. He took advantage of you at once. He's trying to snare you back into it. I don't know. Yeah, I don't know him. Just based on what you told me.
Just the fact that the fact that he would he would what?
What's its what's going on here, you know and you've been laughing the whole time. I'm going to be honest and say that you you're laughing at a lot of times where I think anyone who's here. He laughing would say no that's a fucked up thing and you seem to laugh to cover up the fucked up side of it and I gotta say I just gotta put that on record.
I just got to put that on record as somebody who cares about people and he's listening hard is that this is this is not it's not. Okay and this guy, Sky sure and it's the messaging starting to get explicit again.
No the messaging is like what that so he so this is what this is what some say weird for me is I guess I'm realizing that a lot of the reason that I felt very forgiving and loving towards them all of these past years is that that forgiveness is very much been like predicated on the idea. That is really bad about it that he's regretted it that it was a really difficult period in his life and he's like, you know had to go through a lot of work through a lot of stuff and and suffered kind of consequences from it. So that's the image that I built up in my mind, you know, like I didn't have contact with this guy for over a decade and I kind of pictured him going to marital counseling losing his job may be going to therapy about that during a lot of introspection feeling really bad.
And so I guess in during the lunch I was expecting him to say something to the extent there was going to like develop on what he said to me at Starbucks, you know something to the extent.
You know, I cared a lot about you, but that was inappropriate and I'm sorry for you know, whatever I did. Is that like I do really feel like I dodged a bullet in a lot of ways but like it doesn't mean that it was ok to okay to shoot the gun kind of thing, you know.
Yeah. Thank God. Thank God it never progressed further than it did huh? Thank God, but it still doesn't mean what happened was. Okay. I think you would agree. Right like if that went further and if you lost your virginity Unity this guy. It would really be bad about 100% I do have to say this is the fact that he's messaging again is falling back into it and I just wanted who knows who knows.
The fact that this guy's coaching.
Yeah and the kids together.
This guy's around kids. This guy's demonstrating No Remorse. He's trying to snare you back in on some level. What is going on? What is going on?
He is that when one of his messages message me like pretty constantly and he messaged me the other night. I was like, you know, just getting out of happy hour and going over to a friend's house and I'd had a few glasses of wine and And just was still like demon know how to react to what he was saying and sort of brushed it off, but feel like I need to come back to it or maybe just lock them entirely and we've got to figure out no no, and he said it's really nice to have you back in my life.
And I'm like likewise and I shouldn't even say like like white, but I'm just like at this point where I'm just kind of like trying to brush them off nicely and like move on with my life kind of thing. And he says something to the effect of or I said, I wasn't sure that you would want me to know that you would want me back in your life and he goes me too and then he goes, you know, I was never angry or disappointed in you purely sympathetic. Eric don't fuck.
Does that mean sympathetic?
Okay, you guys assert some actual rage starting to Bubble to my Surface. I'm getting very angry. You know, it doesn't make me angry. Oh, what a weird call it. You gotta find a Segway the advertisers. Sorry. I need to segue to it. Somehow guys we got advertisers. They got all sorts of things. They support the show. They make it happen and and very genuinely, I appreciate it. Let's hear what they have to offer.
What would happen if the McElroy brothers were to turn their popular advice podcast my brother my brother and me into a TV show. There is only one way to find out you gotta sign up for C so C so it's got a wide array of hand-picked add free on-demand comedy to your One-Stop comedy streaming service. You watch next day late night. Hilarious stand-up specials binge worthy Classics including forty two seasons of Saturday Night Live and the entire Monty Python catalog all from the comfort of your favorite device plus C. So has tons of great original series like my brother my brother and me.
As well as an animated fantasy role-playing game starring Dan Harmon and a fake reality show created by the Geniuses behind Comedy Bang Bang and reno911. Com got a lot of friends who work at Sea. So it's a very cool place that supports artists big thumbs up access see so anytime anywhere on iOS Android Apple TV, almost any other device all for 399 per month?
No joke. So what are you waiting for go to se ESO. Com right now sign up for one month free with promo code beautiful at check out. This is the best offer. Cecil has gone right now one month of laugh your ass off comedy for free just by using the promo code beautiful. That's SE ESO. Com promo code beautiful sea so. Com promo code beautiful.
Some people they still don't get Podcast. I've seen a lot of feedback online a lot of a lot of people tell me that beautiful Anonymous is one of the first podcast they've ever listened to and one of the only ones a podcast a very very special thing people don't always understand how to listen. Well, look you can change that you think of a friend a family Remember anybody you care about what podcast would they be into there's so many out there covers such a broad range. There's something for them. Right whether it's something you think is funny or informative or gripping. You got to tell them about it. We want everybody to know how great podcasts are. So all this month. We're asking you to spread the word either in real life or on social media about your favorite shows get out there and not just this show at all the shows participating in this look for ways to spread word on things you love podcast in general. We're trying to raise awareness and if your friends don't know how to listen to podcast show them how or send them to try podcasts dot-org tell us what show you recommended with the hashtag tripod. TR y pod not tripod like a camera T Ry like try to let people know how amazing podcasts are and get word out there. Try podcasts dot-org make it happen. Let's all get together spread word.
Let's go ahead. Let's wrap up. This phone call The Rage returns.
The fuck does that mean sympathetic?
Like I felt like I have not been terribly scarred by it was fucked up, but I think I was probably the only one was what it was. I'm living my life. I'm happy. Because you seem like you're doing well. Let's go on our separate paths. We're all good. But then he's messages saying things like that.
Yeah, as if I as a he yeah as if he did you some sort of favor as if he was so understanding to you. Meanwhile, what what what is it even be even going back to the beginning? Like what book what book did you lend this grown-up that you had to go back to his house and get it?
Do you remember what the book was it was actually back to him and he used it for the school year and then giving it back to me and he brought it to his home how weird he couldn't just keep it in school.
He brought it to his home where you'd have. Come get it. Oh how weird because because I tell you I know a lot of teachers in my life, I grew up with a lot of people have become teachers and they're all super psyched and want to bring that shit home with them all the time. They're all I'm being sarcastic.
No dick Nobody Does that nobody's like, oh, I love this.
I love this thirteen year old school work so much that I'm gonna bring it home so I can fucking soaked in it at home everybody. I know who teaches eats it and Praise for their brakes, they love affecting kids and they want to do the right thing. And then when that summer comes the last thing they're doing is saying, oh, I'm gonna bring this 13 year old school project. And because I just can't let it go.
This guy is a bad guy.
Only normal doing okay now that I'm feeling better now.
Doing okay.
I know I'm doing I'm just really in this weird space with us because this all you know running into him again is all pretty recent and I'm just in this weird space like, how do I I'm just debating how I extract myself from this now like do I explain myself? Do I just walk him you I have an in-person conversation. Do I say like, hey, like a lot of my forgiveness is kind of predicated on the fact that You know you felt bad, but clearly you don't like I'm just sort of in the space around debating. What if anything I say to him and how I gently step away from the situation.
So it's good. You want out that's good. That's good. No more lunches, and I hope I'm I hope I'm not coming off the job. I hope I really hope I'm coming out not coming off as judgmental. I really hope I'm not the only person I'm judging in. This is him. I promise I promise and I hope I haven't come off as judgmental towards you at any point.
No, not at all. It's completely normal to be just I mean, I think that that's the weird part about being confronted with us again, you know over a decade after the fact is now I am an adult and so now I've Eva situation differently than I did back in 15.
Yeah, it's hard not to judge my kind of situation.
Yeah. Did you go to public school? What kind of school did you go to?
Yeah.
I was a public school and that they're not required to report that shit. They're not required to put him on a list.
This whole thing this whole thing seems like Like like a like a night like a nightmare of how the system works sometimes. Yeah.
I know. It really does. I I don't know like honestly, I think he was going to keep his job for a little while after the whole thing came out. It was towards like the end of the school year when I was graduating and she was still on the role to start for the next year and a half. My friend of office happened to be someone that my mom confided in and she also worked at the same school and I believe she was the one who ended up going into the principal's office when she saw that he was still teaching and was like, I know what happened.
This is really fucked up. She needs to be fired. I cannot work with the men but I believe he was let go pretty quietly.
son of a bitch I don't like it.
I know I know I don't like that.
He just got to move on and now Ten Years Later you saying you I was really sympathetic actually. Oh, like he's going to Pat you on that. He's going to Pat you on the head.
It's fucking guy.
Back into my life. I seriously got the cat because I was just so curious to see where he was at and what he was up to and and and I don't know it was a mistake because I think I liked the image that I had of him in my head much better than like the reality of the person that I had in front of me.
Well, yeah because I would imagine how he loses his job. You assume his life goes, you know, you assume that he's going to suffer a little bit. You assume that His wife found out you assume that he's never going to be allowed to do certain things and be around certain people again, and now you're finding out 10 years later.
That might not be the case. He effectively may have gotten away with this.
Yeah, exactly.
That sucks. That sucks. Yeah.
Yeah. I mean, I don't know. I like honestly, I feel fine for myself, but it is those little questions of like should I have tried to get him on some sort of sex offender registry or should he be coaching children and any capacity? I don't know.
Yeah, it was like to think that now that you know, whatever.
It's been I mean he's he's older now and the kids that he's working with are even younger so I would hope that it's just like a completely different context.
But yeah, but I'm sure it brings up that so I'm sure I'm sure seeing that he can just fucking chill out at the Starbucks is bringing up a lot of thoughts of like holy shit. Wait what? What?
Yeah, yeah, it's weird and I'm I'm a very forgiving person like I never want to I never wish harm on anybody and I want him to be happy and I want him to yeah, I want him to be okay, but I just want him also to realize I guess I just want him to realize what he did. Did and are you like what's your realize that that was your life?
Like now? How's your how's your what's it? Like what are the basics?
My wife is awesome. I love my life.
That's great. I don't know. I'm trying to figure out what I can say without giving away too many and I feel like college and talk about I like a lot because it would give away identifying details but there but my life is good. It's cool.
I think the obvious question is has to feel like your relationship. Have been affected moving forward because as a kid some pretty some pretty specific stuff happened.
Yeah, you know, what's funny is I've never had an American boyfriend since I've always dated foreign men.
Wow, didn't I see that answer coming quietly running away from that you may have you may have subconsciously written off trust in an entire nation.
Yeah, I don't know I there's something yeah, there's just something about America. It was plenty, you know, like most of the American men whose like approached me or hit on me have been married men.
Yeah, I don't know. I I sort of a yeah, I don't know if it's related. But I think that I've run away from all that. So I've had I've had lots of good relationships good healthy relationship with foreign National.
Okay. So career you feeling good about your life. You don't want to get too specific sounds like you do something cool that he congratulated you on and you can't get specific because it could give you away. That sounds cool.
Yeah, yeah, pretty much your world traveler with a good career.
Everything turned out. Okay, and thank God for that. Just I I'll tell you what tell you what I think we've done about 50 of these things. I don't know if I've ever been angrier during the course of a call then I want to take your call.
I'm sorry. I got your blood pressure.
No, you don't have to apologize for anything. I will tell you there is this I because it's you know, I am I'm like an artist and I'm princess pretty sensitive guy. But every once in a while, I'll hear something and it will just be a reminder that I am a North Jersey dude at the end of the day and my instinct is to find this guy and break his jaw.
That's my instinct is find out who this man is and break his jaw.
Hi, it certainly got that I totally understand that and it's funny because like a if I were sitting in your seat, I would feel the exact same way. It's interested. Like I feel like sometimes we're able to accept things for ourselves that we want except for other people. People and I feel like if this had happened to my best friend, I would be completely outraged but honestly, I feel okay personally will tonight I ask you the hardest question.
Can I ask you the hardest question? Yeah, because you said of course you just said I feel you know, there's things that we feel okay about happening to ourselves that we would be livid if they happen to other people. What do you do if you find out that Sky if it was a pattern? You know what happens then?
If I found out it was a pattern. I think I would be much more.
Well, that's a question of what would I do now by me. I mean, I would I would be inspired to take action and some way shape or form. I would probably immediately get them get them off any sort of organization that had to do with children.
If there was some sort of case against him. I would certainly speak I would do that in defense of someone else. Which may be something little fucked up if I'm like. Well if I'm the only one it was okay, but I do if I am and if I was the only one I do feel like you know, it's not worth ruining his life ever.
Yeah because it is interesting what you said like, yeah, because you did you did say like you've kind of spent all this time. Assuming he learned his lesson in a big way and only in the past recent times has that been called into question. So it is one of those things where like if he learned he learned his lesson.
Ultimately. I'm fine. Let's walk away.
But I'm sure I'm sure that thoughts crossed your mind before I've just praying like oh God this guy this guy.
Yeah.
Yeah, exactly. And I don't know I do. Yeah II like 90 percent convinced that I was the only one there. Is that like 10% doubt in my mind, but it was so emotional that it did feel more like a You know, that means obviously that he can be like sexually or emotionally attracted to women of that age, you know, so there could have been someone after me why not?
Bye.
I don't know. Yeah, I hope I hope that there was no one else. I think there was no one else and if I were to find out something to the contrary, then I would then I would defend that girl, but hopefully that's not the case.
Yeah, I hope so too. I hope so too.
I also like I said hope that although he has two daughters so I don't want to wish L on a family but in a vacuum, I wish A boulder would roll off a cliff maybe since he has two daughters. I don't wish death upon them but I wish real serious bad things. I don't wish death on anybody. I don't make jokes about that. But oh God. Okay good.
I can undo. I live in New York.
I live in New York. I get on the subway and there's high school kids. You know, you get out you God forbid. You gotta go on a subway between 2:30 and 3:30 p. M. In New York City when a high school lets out. There's never a part of me that looks up and is like yowza. Look at that girl never you look like you look at how you anytime I'm on a subway car with high school kids.
Here's what I'm thinking time to fucking switch cars because I don't want to hear these kids. Yeah. All the time because I'm getting a hold kids kids kids man. And this guy went to school on how to work with kids and in some work. Here's what I can do. Here's what I can do because I can I can stress out with you and I can stress about you. But here's another thing I can do is if in some fucking world this guy ever hears this I want you to know that I'm that that that that I'm not the one you put in the middle of it, and I'm not the one you confused and you're a fucking bad person.
Deep down. I hope he hears that I'm allowed to say that I wasn't there you you can you can have all the emotional reactions the world. I'm allowed to say it. I hope this guy here out this guy hears it and I hope he knows you really did wrong. I hope he knows he did wrong.
Thank you. Thank you. Yeah, I it's really I feel like these cases are more and more in the news though to right like in tears. There's I don't know where I'm going with that but I feel like II feel like I hear about this stuff more and more of an appropriate teacher-student relationship brought about by like more communication on social media and and girls maybe macking more mature than their age and or guys and yeah, I don't know. I mean the famous one to who was that lady.
What was the lady's name? Who did get we got to look at this off delay was the one that like actually worked out for like 30 years. I want to there's a name popping into my head. I'm just kind of if it's okay. I'm just gonna it was that her name. I don't know. Wait. Hold on. I don't want to say the wrong name.
Oh, yeah, Mary Kay Letourneau, right? That was the one. Yeah. She did that kid.
I haven't heard of that one.
Yeah, she dated a kid, and she he was really young and I think it actually worked out like I think they got kids at home. Like I think that one actually turned out kind of okay. Okay, let's turn up. Still can't get behind that one.
Well the current you know, the FrontRunner for the French President French presidential election right now. He is married to his high school English teacher. I think they met when he was 14.
Did they get together when he was 14?
Yes.
No. Oh God. Oh God, I believe that.
Oh, yeah, you have to Google that sin to fact-check me back. He was pretty.
Oh God, it's not okay, but that's France.
So, you know, that's a different context.
Well, there's a million easy jokes about France wrapped up in that one and I'm just going to walk in the other direction because I don't know we got out. I don't know if we got a lot of French listeners, but if we do bonjour and I'm not making easy jokes at your expense of wha I really I don't know. I gotta say I gotta say I don't want to put it on you. I don't want to I don't want to assume anything but you always laugh when I'm talking about the most fucked up shit and it makes me feel like it's there's there's other unresolved stuff there and I hope you resolve it. I hope you resolve it.
I am a big lie person.
I laughs way too much but you have to admit if you when you listen back to this. You're going to feel like every time every time I got really tense you burst out laughing and I guess but who I mean, that's my whole thing. I feel like my whole life is all I've ever learned from my parents every bad thing. If you learn to just fucking laugh like you have to you have to be so in a sense. I think that's very good. But I think yeah.
Yeah never been able to survive.
I hadn't learned how to laugh because this guy the first test was here. First kiss no. No, no God.
Oh good good good, like a couple months prior to him and I was very grateful for that.
How old was that guy? But my first guess yeah, I'm hopeless hoping he was it.
I'm hoping yeah, he was even older.
No, no, I was 14 and he was 17. All right, even though that's weird.
I remember this.
You told me how much time do we have? Are you about a minute and 20 seconds?
Okay.
So my first kiss was 17, but then he told me that he couldn't date me because he was part of a gang and my life might be endangered. If we were to if we were to give up you're kidding me.
I once made out with a girl in New York City and she called me the next day and said she had an X in the mafia and he would kill me. I had the same thing.
We both made out with Gangland murders.
That girl wasn't a murder.
I've always wanted to ask that girl.
I like I remember she said I think she texted me. She's like, hey, I really like you but I don't think I can see I have an X in the mafia and he'll you know, he might hurt you and I just wrote back. You know what I wrote back. I said I said I must be a very bad kisser.
I must be a very bad kisser if you're making it my ex-boyfriend. Oh, maybe maybe who knows me? Who knows?
All right. We got 20 seconds left. I'm gonna go take a couple deep breaths walk around the block because this one got me mad.
I will let you do that. Thank you for listening. Course do other people in your life get really mad or am I the only one who gets mad when I hear about this no other people in my life get very very mad. I let everybody else get mad for me. That's nice.
The very nice that's kind of selfish.
Call her that one made my head spin. Thank you for sharing your story. I hope my reactions didn't weird you out. Anyway, I was very very nervous about coming off his judgmental or anyway, I just found myself getting very upset at the circumstances you described. So that was an intense one we go there sometimes we go. There we go there and I hope I helped everybody out there learned a little listening to it or has their opinions in order.
And that's that. Thank you calling for calling. Thank you to Jared and Harry in particular Jack O'Connell Harry Nelson in the booth this week. That was a we were make it there was a lot of eye contact between me and forgotten since the food this week. Oh, all right. Thank you to the Reverend John dolor took reticle to Shell shag for the intro music. Thank you shell shag. I love you. She'll check you want to know more about me Chris kept. Com. That's got all my dates when I go out on the road. And if you like beautiful Anonymous, please do rate review subscribe.
On iTunes it genuinely helps so so much. Thanks a lot. See you next time.
Today's Show is sponsored by talk space the online therapy company that believes that therapy should be affordable confidential and convenient talk space therapist can help put you on the path to a happier life. I'm a big advocate of therapy. I think this is well known about me. So please do find the therapy that works for you and talk space is the modern version of that for special offer for our listeners. Visit talk space. Com slash beautiful again, that is talk space. Com slash beautiful.
Next time on beautiful Anonymous it's our one-year anniversary show and we're hearing from an old friend It's the Return of the original Ron Paul's.
It feels like like when you run into somebody you used to date feels like that. Yeah, how's it going? We haven't talked in a while. But you know, like just to share something here, you know, this podcast is completely changed. My life is completely changed so many aspects of my life and so on. Much is that is because you thank you for that. Oh, you're welcome. I'm glad to come like the actual Foundation of my life.
I'm glad I could give you a hit podcast.
Yeah, thanks for that. You got an HBO special coming up, right? And I don't know how much you had to do with that one, but that's next time on beautiful anonymous.
Hey Paul, it's got have you ever heard of tripod?
What are you talking about?
Oh, whoa. Whoa, whoa! Oh, oh, okay. Sorry. I uh, I came in a little hot.
Oh, yeah. That was I apologize. This is a big podcast awareness campaign happening throughout March.
Now, I know about podcasts and I know be doing a podcast myself.
I know a lot of people they don't know what they are. They don't even know what it is. So what we want people to do is to share your favorite podcast.
It doesn't have to be ours in fact.
I would hate it if you shared mine, you know what I forbid you to share mine.
Exactly.
Let's say, you know someone in your life who would probably enjoy a podcast if only they'd try it right you can recommend a podcast a you think that person would like a lot of people, you know, listen to podcast while they're working out. It takes their mind off of it. I'll while they're working. It takes their mind off while they're doing laundry while they're driving some people like to watch that video of a fox decomposing and let's do a podcast at the same time. If you're one of these people then you must know someone like that who would We enjoy podcast but they still don't really understand what they are or why they're special. You could tell your friends how easy it is to listen to podcast.
There's maybe two steps to it.
If are at or send them to try podcasts dot-org. I didn't know there was a website. Why are we even talking about this? They should just be going to the website. Where are they listening to us? We should have just sent people to the website tell us what show you recommended with the hashtag tripod T Ry P OD and you're a daisy if you do.
This has been an Earwolf production executive produced by Scott Aukerman Chris Benin and Colin Anderson for more information and content visit Earwolf. Com.
Have you ever need a doctor late at night or when you're traveling tell the doc gives you 24/7 access to board certified doctors anytime anywhere for non emergency conditions. They are board certified doctors can diagnose treat and prescribe medication when medically necessary tell the doc is available through most insurance or employers at $45 or less of visit download the app today or visit tala doc. Com stories to register today. That's T Ela DLC. Com. Calm / stories
This week's caller is a somewhat unconventional podcast fan. He loves Beautiful/Anonymous even though he's never technically heard an episode. Hmmm. Mysterious. He shares his unique experience with the medium, his outlook on life, and his best party tricks.  This episode is brought to you by Talkspace (www.talkspace.com/beautiful), Hulu Plus, ZipRecruiter (www.ziprecruiter.com/BEAUTIFUL), Casper Mattresses (www.casper.com/BEAUTIFUL), Where Should We Begin? with Esther Perel (www.audible.com/Esther), and Detour (www.detour.com/BEAUTIFUL).
READ LESS
If you didn't know who has a new look and experience that's more intuitive you watch everything from Hulu Originals, like harlots and casual or handmaid's tale which made my wife are obsessed with handmaid's tale. It's so red all you can also watch full seasons of things all your favorites Fargo blackish Empire all in one place with ease and with a new option to add live TV.
You can get limited commercials on the Hulu shows you love as well as 50 plus live and on-demand channels starting at just $39. 99.
And you can watch sports channels like ESPN FS1 Regional sports news other campus events even record live TV with a cloud DVR. So great great deal. Enjoy all of your TV in one place with the brand new Hulu experience go to hulu. Com to start your free trial today. Today's show is sponsored by talk space the online therapy company for as little as thirty two dollars a week. You can work with an experienced licensed therapist handpick just for you on talk space. You can send text audio and video messages to your therapist and talk about your life work through what's keeping you up at night or just work on feeling a bit happier. I'm a big Advocate mental health, whatever you gotta do to take care of yourself.
Go for it. No shame sign up learn more go to talk space. Com slash beautiful and to show your support for this podcast use code beautiful get $30 off your first month. That's beautiful at talk space. Com slash beautiful.
Hello to all my translators being held hostage. Beautiful Anonymous one hour one phone call no names No Holds Barred I'd rather go one-on-one everybody. It's Chris gethard here. Hope you're doing well. I'm so beautiful not atmosphere my voice a little little Gravelly. Guess what? I'm just coming off the roadway. I'm back in New York like New York after two weeks out on the road meeting. All you guys face to face starting in Vancouver. We made our way all over North America and it was it's been so cool.
Shake your guy's hands. Thank you for listening. And also a good Huggers. That's one thing I've learned about the beautiful Anonymous fans out there are people who enjoy a good and at times inappropriately long hug. Thank you for all the hugs. Listen. If you are if you do want to see us that we're back in one night on this this episode is dropping Tuesday, June 13th.
Final show Asbury Park, New Jersey. There are still tickets left. I need Jersey to step up. I've been telling everybody managers my hometown. We're going to sell this out. Looks like we're not going to sell out. I have to be humble about it. That's okay. When I have to sell that point being though, if you're in Jersey, you're nearby you get to Asbury Park. We got two shows at House of Independence Kris ketz. Com. You can get tickets right now.
I want to have a blowout. I want to party on the boardwalk after we finish this story's gonna be like bash at the beach man, like the whole WCW Wrestling event. We have a bash at the beach. If you're downloading this Dead comes out. It's tonight get yourself to Jersey. Tell your boss. Hey, I'm getting out of here early cutting out early go party and get Emo and listen to a phone call.
I'll see you tonight at as Park it'll be good last week's episode was one of our one of our live episodes from the tour. We uploaded that from the road. It was from Portland The Helium Comedy Club a lot of feedback from people saying it was an extremely funny episode, which I greatly appreciate is also a lot of feedback from people saying that they felt bad for the caller and that they weren't too thrilled on me. I want to go ahead and say it's valid I get it. I don't disagree a lot of people saying that with the live crowd there they could feel that I needed to entertain that crowd and maybe the caller had a less intimate experience a lot of people saying they felt like I threw the initial collar under the bus saying He dropped the ball and then her sister saved it and that I was pandering to the crowd a little bit.
I think there's some truth to that. I'm not gonna argue with you. I think if you ever see one thing we've all learned from this tour of you see me tweeted out that tweet out the picture and there's a big crowd behind me know you're getting a slightly different experience and I've learned that and I do want to apologize to the 24 year old caller from the Portland call.
If you felt put a pain in my heart and my gut what I felt on stage that night was that she and I were in it together. We both felt that tension we were laughing about it. My hope is that it Like there was a camaraderie that but I understand listening to it seemed harsher than a normal call. And for anybody who wasn't into that I get it.
I do think it was funny. I do think the live calls or funny think we're going to put some more out there in the world were going to tell you in the coming weeks that you guys can get access to all of them. Some people don't want him. Some people do going to figure that out. We'll let you know and they've been a really wonderful time and that Baltimore one in particular you guys hear that one who gonna lose your minds.
Now, let's talk about this week's call because I am so excited. And I have been so excited. We've been sitting on this one for a month or two, but we got to get this one right? Because it's one of the most special calls that's ever happened. If you ask me. I always remind myself. I am so lucky I get to do this. I get to talk to people who live so differently than I do and it's a blessing.
It's a blessing to see that there's people from all different walks of life, and I always figured certain types of people who I'm never going to be able to talk to because maybe they don't know about podcast. Maybe maybe they come from different circumstances where that's just not a factor in their lives and I say aye A little ignorant. There's the college today comes from a world where I just started. There's no way they consume a podcast How could a I was wrong?
I was totally wrong and my mind was blown and I'm glad it was blown. I got to hear about a life that I didn't ever think. I'd get The Insider's look at I'm I'm so grateful that it happened. It's a really cool crazy thing that I got to participate in. I'm so psyched about it. And I think you're going to be psyched about it too.
I got fired up. We got so fired up here at Earwolf that we're actually doing a thing when I put this out here end of the episode we're selling. A piece of merchandise it ties into the episode. You're about to hear some of you guys turn off the episodes before the out shows this week. I'm just asking you as a favor to me stick around here about this thing. If I'm not making any money off of this piece of merchandise, it's towards a greater purpose. It relates to this call.
I'm so sick. I don't want to say too much. I've been talking too much already. It's one of my favorite calls think it's going to be one of your favorite calls to let's get into it.
Thank you for calling beautiful Anonymous a beeping noise will indicate when you are on the show with the host.
Hello. Hi. Oh, hi. How's it going?
It's okay. How about you?
I can't complain that's good.
Sounds like we're on the same page about that one.
Yeah for sure, but I actually Chris there's something I have to explain to you right off the bat before we get too far in this conversation.
So this voice that you're hearing right now is actually not who you're going to be speaking to you today. The person that wants to speak to you happens to be deaf, and he wanted to have a conversation with you. I'm just a good friend just person who agreed to make this conversation goes smoothly as possible.
Wow.
That's yeah, that's okay. That's head spring spinning. So okay, this is cool. So let me so the logistics I'm so so I'll speak and you you speak sign language, you'll pass on what I say and your friend will let you know what how to respond. Is that how this works?
Exactly. So while you're speaking I'll rely It To Em and sign he's going to sign back to me and I will hand off the new information for you. Wow.
Okay, this is exciting and this right away. I feel like we should all just say like this. Is this an experiment that I haven't done before and then I bet you haven't so the pacing of this one might be a little different than what are you our listeners are are used to but I think anybody listening would be excited, too.
Give it a chance. That's cool.
So yeah, so just wanna let you know I set it up from so from this point on it's anything he said not from me great.
Great. Thank you for thank you for doing this. This is a this is really this is exciting.
Oh anytime.
So do you are you a regular? So as far as far as the podcast itself it? I don't want to be insulting. Anyway, it is an audio medium. I'm a little surprised to have someone who's hearing impaired reach out just because of that. Maybe you could let me know how you came to know the show.
Yeah, I figured that was what was going to catch your attention. So when I called and I explained that I am actually a fan of this podcast and I know some other work he's done. So for me, what I do here podcast is I send it out to get translated into English. So I read all your podcast their services that will do that for me.
Me.
Wow that I want to apologize for the amount of um's and likes and so's you've had to read also the amount of times that I get excited ask a question then reiterated like three or four times before I let the person answer. I feel like I infuriate myself with that you maybe more than any other consumer the show that I just want to apologize because you take it on the chin harder than anybody when it comes to that.
Honestly, I haven't even noticed that but I pointed out I'm going to read through again and probably judge you a little bit but honestly reading through your podcast is one of the best the research do because it's a phone conversation. So it's nice back and forth back and forth. I tried other one. Like I enjoy comedy and like Comedy Bang Bang is so hard to read even though I really enjoyed time. But I know I'm missing like more than half the jokes out of just the contact is so different when it's spoken, but no, actually this podcast is like my son read during the week and just getting to hear all these different stories. It's really awesome. So I'm sure it's great to listen to but I have a great time reading it too as well.
That's very cool. Thank you. So maybe let me know, you know as Know from from reading the transcripts. I like to just get into it. So as always anything that you don't want to answer just tell me buzz off. That's fine. Have you been were you were you born deaf? Is this something that happened in the course of your life? Maybe you can just let me know like the background.
Yeah, of course, just so you know that people are really blunt. So don't ever worry about asking the wrong questions. I'd rather you just put it out there with want people are very forward. So I think you'll probably notice that within this conversation.
Yeah, so actually I was born hard of hearing I used to wear hearing aids and at that time growing up I would say I would would have more had like a hearing perspective on life but then around age six. I got sick and the rest of my hearing went so I've been deaf ever since like six years old. Wow.
That's that must be pretty brutal for a six-year-old kid to have to have to. A figure out that new world that that that what a feel like that's like like just just old enough that you can understand what's going on and not nearly old enough to be able to process that.
I mean to be honest, I mean I already had some hearing loss. So I already could tell I was different. I just didn't understand why you're hot like I just didn't have an identity of being deaf or hard-of-hearing and then when it happened I knew like I could tell him that time I was different that there was a change. I just didn't understand what it was because I wasn't surrounded by that culture yet. So I don't know. It wasn't so much a shock of it happening. It was just more of the community around me didn't know what to do with me.
Right?
So that was probably the harder part.
So even though you were hard of hearing you your parents had you weren't you weren't in a school or in classes, you know dealing with that. This was something that went when it when it became a full-fledged thing. It was now you have to kind of get in the deep end on that. Yeah, exactly.
So beforehand I was just in a public school and then when I lost my hearing I continued in the public school for about two years and I just noticed I couldn't keep up and also I wasn't fluent in sign at the time. So it wasn't like even having an interpreter would have made a different so I basically had a drop out of school and then they put me into a a deaf program where I started like back to the Jennings and caught myself back up to what like a six-year-old should know at that time.
And then I stayed in a deaf school all the way up until like in college level.
Wow, and then when you when you go to college because II was totally overwhelmed and scared and depressed by college and I have all five of my senses. Like it's just such a radical life changed to to go to go from a at that point what 10 11 years of schooling that is, you know designed to help with this issue into college that must be that must have been the most overwhelming stretch.
In the world Yeah, I mean, I found College overwhelming but honestly, it wasn't the Death part. It was just like social anxiety and like being new like just being like I'm a big dork. So I felt like I was in my hard to fit in and that way but that part I thought anything I was like people are always interested to learn sign and like, you know, if anything I use it to my advantage with the ladies to the office, but now I the signing part was a mask.
And use it like being away and be on my own at that point I was used to being liked. I mean, yes, I went to deaf schools, but I still had a world of all these hearing people around me that didn't know sign that I had to deal with all the time. So it wasn't like a new situation for me. But I know for some people in the deaf community that absolutely would be now I gotta we gotta pump the brakes a little bit.
I got to bring it back to something you said in what way were you using your deafness as a tool with the ladies?
Because that sounds like you really went big on some baller shit.
All right, I guess I'll tell you my Jewels are used. So I mean right away you could tell it was deaf and everyone gets exciting be like, oh, how do you sign this? How do you sign that? So I became cool and that matter. I also had like party tricks. I would do to like break the ice. My favorite ones I would do I call it the party trick was I would have a friend or so or a girl named I was interested in to like try to make her laugh. I'm always about making the laughs.
All right, I got her to like I'll be like hey watch this and then I would find a circle of people that I didn't really know yet that we're in conversation and I would just walk out and kind of like not along kind of join the conversation make it seem like I knew what was and I would on purposely We try not to read their lips tonight because I just wanted to go and blind and then I would just blurt out the most random thing I could think of and that time and just like I don't know what it was but people found that hilarious. I'm going to walk away and then I go back to them. Do you like how funny was that?
Some reason it works.
Now, we are going out loud.
I'm pretty funny and and to get those moments when like when you're like, You know when it is working when you're vibing with a girl you're alone and then she has to she have to just ask like, how do I sign? I'm ready to take this to the next level and then you have to like teacher. Do you ever have a moment where your it's like ghost with Patrick Swayze and the sculpting where you're like, you're doing it wrong. You stand behind her and take her hands and mold them into the shape of the correct signage.
I mean, yeah, you know, like I said, I'm pretty pretty well and I do a lot of people just ask more curiosity, but honestly forget Nah, but other than that no, it's more like people just be interested ask questions about like what it's like to be deaf or question. I used to get asked all the time. Like do you dream and Stein and so I don't know if sometimes they were great and funny other times. I'm like, this is just arrogant and I don't know. I stayed up for myself more compared to back then. I just like whatever it's a cute girl, whatever she wants to say, it's fine.
Yeah, I mean, I know you just brought it up as the example of an ignorant question, but I've never thought about it before do your dream Ensign. I apologized immediately as but I never thought about that my life.
Yeah, I was saying I do. Yeah whenever I'm Dreaming or someone's communicating with me, I just picture it in sign because that's how I communicate. But again, I've only talked about me. I can't talk for any other deaf person in the community about their dreams and what they're doing so well, yeah, I always say yeah, I basically Dreamin sign and like I get asked even if that person doesn't know sign and I'm like, yeah, I feel that.
Wow, now I've read you know, I tend to read a ton because I'm a nerd that way and there is a I'm I'm I'm pretty certain that there's a school for the hearing impaired in my neighborhood because very often on the Subways at certain times of day. There'll just be a lot of kids signing to each other and it's clear that there's a school situation. I've read and again total ignorance. I'm not asking you to speak for everyone in your community.
I have read that. There's a maybe a trend and then you might be able to fill me in more that that sometimes there is almost like a like a level of anger in the deaf Community towards the hearing community that the hearing Community doesn't necessarily realize exists is do you know what I'm referring to?
Yeah, that's definitely some point. Do you use I mean, I knew this would go into topics of talking about like Deaf culture and deaf Community. It's just hard because I can only talk from my perspective and my personal experiences. But yeah, absolutely. I feel like it's just there's a lot of of times it's not so much about not being seen but not realizing our knee and just I mean again, I'm looking at this more of like a dull point of view now, but simple things like little things I need to get my job done during the day and Having things written now or interpreters or just one-on-one time. Sometimes it just gets cut and people like we'll just forget and act like well, you'll figure it out and not realizing when you have that kind of attitude. I miss out on what you need me to know and it just feels fair and vulnerable and it does kind of feel like you're not being seen at times and that can yeah that definitely is rough specially if you're like a kid And I totally know what school you're talking about do so. Yeah, you you live in New York City, right? Yeah.
I live in Jackson Heights Queens. Yeah.
Okay. There's a huge. Yeah. There's a big decimal in Queens.
I know of and that and it also depends on what kind of culture you grew up around like sometimes there's communities that are like parkour strong deaf where there's a lot of deaf people in the area.
And they all support each other like you could go to the grocery store or to the doctor or anywhere and everyone knows sign. So those people who live in their own little bubble of a deaf friendly environment. And then you have other environment where you can't even get the help and support to learn sign that you're expected to just be oral and to real it. So there's such a huge.
Spectrum of what is available at not available and the deaf community. So there's definitely people that get frustrated easily with the lack of resources.
I also have to wonder do on a social level, you know, I've never thought about this before but I would imagine someone who learns to live their life through Visual cues sign language, but also things like eye contact her important body language, you must maybe I would imagine there is It fair to say like there must be some level at which you're perceiving those things at aat a different way and a lot of people's instinct when they're around. Someone different is to demonstrate discomfort. Do you see other people's discomfort in a way I wouldn't does it does it? I don't know. I don't want it's a sad question. But like does it just come through clear and hurt a little bit more or is that just me thinking too hard about this?
It's that's a good one.
I want to say it hurt. I rather people be curious and ask questions. I think it's where it's coming from if you're coming from a place of like, oh, you're different me. Let me get to know that I'm more than happy to share my experience with you. You if it's coming from more of this like the most annoying thing to me is when I talk not okay, I'm deaf and I say I'm sorry why I'm not sorry. I love you. I am like fuck you. I think this is great. And yeah, we definitely have a different perspective and I think that's why deaf Community has actually grown in the last couple of years with like popularity in like media. And you know, there's been like Broadway shows using sign more and I think I'm like there's TV shows that short show more deaf people stuff. So I feel like becoming more visible and that's helping but I still I always get that feeling with a certain amount of people that will always feel apologetic and that's the thing that feels so weird is why I said, Apologetic. I also just realized I curse and I tried really hard to tell myself not to because I am a mama's boy. And I know you said your mom listens to this. So sorry Sally that's amazing.
That's amazing you just so so you just use sign language to say the phrase is sorry Sally. Did you have to spell out the essay a la why that is I think my mom will be very touched by that.
Yeah, I did have to spell her name but actually the grill voice that you're hearing right now. We connected beforehand and we came up with some to help with the speed. We came up with some signs. So, you know, we came up with a sign for podcasts for Chris for Sally so we can know quicker we were referencing right Sally. We just did do the sign for Mom but the letter s so she knew I was talking about your mom.
Mom Sally is the S Mom. Let's everybody spread. Everybody's fredward. Now there is something since you did because it is you know, there is there is this layer of you know of someone sort of translating between two two mediums for us. It did it does make me laugh. There is a world in which you know, you are you are, you know a person who has a female human speaking on your behalf. You could conceivably make her say anything you want out.
Out on a pretty pretty popular podcast you could she is HonorBound to say anything you signed. So there is I don't know you do you kind of are a puppet master right now?
Oh, I don't worry. I totally thought of that ahead of time and I wondered like what can I make her say right now?
I'll wait on that. I'm not going to push it out. Our we got we got 40 minutes up, so don't don't forget.
Me too. Don't forget to tell me to loop back around to that one. I also have to say the nervous the nervous giggle at the end of that. It's hard for me to discern whether that was you giggling with the anticipation of doing that or your translator giggling as she said out loud the plan you and I are formulating between us to do to get to abuse this level of trust and kindness.
Oh that was all her just being nervous, but luckily. Really good friends and I even The best is when we did when we decided to do this.
Something you should know about this girl. She's very we good girl good person. And when I decided maybe I'll give it a try and call it voicemail. I met up with her and she happened to be really drunk and I never seen her ever and that level not her Norm. She's like not a drinker. So I was like, oh my God, and so I asked her I was like, hey, it's Colin and she was overly confident like hell, yeah.
We called we left a voicemail and then I think it was a day or two days later after I was like so they ever reach out and she's like who the hell are you talking about? Who she totally forgot and then when I reminded her she was so embarrassed.
So there are three people effectively participating in this discourse right now. And one of them was blackout drunk when it was all when it all came to be.
Yeah, basically and now you also have the ability to force her to tell that story from your perspective is a very it's a very fun thing to have at your disposal. I'm glad to be involved in this it's making me giggle with a lot of Glee. I never anticipated this being a part of my my day today.
I'm glad it makes you happy because it's definitely make me happy over here and it's only wanted to point out to its Bonnie thank you brought up the whole, you know, you're hearing this female voice and I am male and you can probably tell from her. I'm sure sweet little gentle voice that she is this like white girl, and I'm also a black Puerto Rican man. So sorry Isaac hilarious when you get an interpreter, you know, there's no way they can actually see who you are.
I think that's as good a point as any we always have the audio landscape with each other. So now we can go build the visuals. Let's everybody go build our Visual and as you're putting in that brain work another thing I want to seep into your brain is word from our sponsors. They help make the show happen for free. Thank you to all of them for helping make that happen and we'll be back soon with more phone call.
Went on a little vacation February don't go on vacation so often and I enjoyed it Joy. It was at a resort don't do the resorts and about halfway through the vacation. My lovely wife turns to me. She goes, you know, I like this but you know what I miss most of all sleeping in my Casper. She said it to me and she meant it because the Casper is rad the Casper isn't obsessively engineered mattress at a shockingly fair price.
It's got support of memory foams and award-winning sleep surface. Just the right sink just the right Bounty.
Try it for 100 nights risk.
In your own home, if you don't love it, but pick it up. They'll refund your everything that's good customer service right there confidence in the product. It is earned. I sleep in one I love it. They know Casper knows you got to sleep on a mattress before he commits. You can spend a third of your life on this thing. Okay, and there's free shipping and returns to US and Canada with over 20,000 reviews and an average of 4. 8 Stars It's Quickly becoming the internet's favorite mattress. I sleep on one. I love it.
The fact that it has 4. 8 Stars it baffling as a five-star product. Whoever these people are that give it anything but five stars, they are grumpy people not to be trusted and their opinions frankly. Do not matter because the Casper is legit such a good mattress to sleep on my wife has said she will never sleep on another type of mattress again get fifty dollars towards any mattress purchase by visiting www. Cancer. Gov / beautiful use the offer code beautiful terms and conditions apply.
Are you hiring? Do you know where to post your job to find the best candidates finding great talent can be tough. Thankfully with zip recruiter can post your job to 100 plus job sites with just one click then they're powerful technology efficiently matches the right people to your job better than anybody else. That's why zip recruiter is different unlike other job sites. Zip recruiter doesn't depend on candidates finding you it finds them.
Okay, it does that work for you. In fact over 80 Scent of jobs posted on zip recruiter get a qualified candidate and just 24 hours. There's no juggling emails not a million calls to your office. All you got to do you screen rate manage candidates all in one place with zip recruiters easy-to-use dashboard find out today. Why is it recruiter has been used by businesses of all sizes to find the most qualified job candidates with immediate results.
And right now my listeners can post jobs on zip recruiter for free. That's right free you go to zip recruiter. Com, / beautiful. So that is zip recruiter. Com / beautiful one more time. You want to try it for free right. Now you go to zip recruiter. Com beautiful.
Thank you to all the advertisers who help make this show happen. Now one of my favorite phone calls of all time. Let's get back to it interpreter.
You know, there's no way they can actually sell like who you are. Yeah. Yeah. This girl's amazing. I'm not trying to talk her down. She did a great job. Oh my God, if you can see how red her face is right now probably the weirdest Josh he's ever had to do.
So just because it's so just because you can't hear my laughter. I want to make sure that your translator describes it to you as how would I describe the laughter? I just put out as a an enthusiastic and enthusiastic borderline scream level left that reveled in the social discomfort that the The young lady who is the middle person of this conversation has been forced into well, I have to say she's very professional.
So when you are laughing, she doesn't match the level of doctor you're creating in that just just because we did open this door.
I do Wonder so you said you are you are part black heart Puerto Rican mail. Maybe you can let us know your height your weight just so we have a full image of who of who I'm actually speaking to as juxtaposed to the very pixie ish voiceover a white girl that I am hearing.
Yeah. Sure. Okay. Hi. I'm about 6 to I weigh like 185 and like long skinny rail, I guess some people say have a hipster. Look wear glasses. I'm a big dork. I'm very nerdy and I think that comes clear easily from just me walking gangly into a room.
So I don't know.
I'm not sure how else this guy myself but I was sorry to put you on the spot there, but it's just the juxtaposition between the the voice of the image is giving me great to like so thank you for that. So we're having fun. I want to make sure we have a lot of fun in this car. Station because that's what I'm down for you mentioned that you're into comedy. I want to talk about more more about that. But before we do just like information only and just out of Fascination and hearing a little bit about you know, your background some of the awkward ways people can behave are there simple things, you know, most people don't want to put in effort.
I know that I can get very lazy. I have a two-pronged question like average everyday people are there simple things? Things we can be doing that will just like make it a little easier for you and other deaf people encounter are there like little simple things where it's like, hey, this takes no effort and just do it and then also for myself as an Entertainer, I wonder are there like simple things I can be doing like, you know, like it's You know, sometimes I'll be doing a show. It's like it's my instinct isn't book a translator and have them on hand for everything I ever do are there are there simple effortless things where it's like if you guys if you just did this I can't tell you how much it would mean to deaf people when you encounter them.
Okay.
I think so. Okay. I'm gonna start the entertainment wise because I am I'm a big fan of entertainment.
Honestly, like little thing more people could do is just add captions to everything if you had like, I understand live is different, but if you If you're making videos, if you're like a used to star in that just add captions that takes like no time at all. It's free to do and you'll just also open up the possibility of who will be watching are connected to you.
That's a big one. I actually try to come see your Broadway show. I try to hire someone they couldn't do it. So I never got to see it. But I'm sure it was awesome. Even though it was the saddest title I've ever seen for a show. Oh, but and for the average person I think patient is the main thing is just you know II mean I live in a I live in a city where everything is GoGo guy live in a big city. So everything's go go go and sometimes people get frustrated over. You know, I understand I'm hearing world and I've accepted that and that's fine. I understand the world we live in Is hearing but like people get frustrated at me for needing to take 10 extra seconds to write down my knees or write down my order or and to me I'm like just be patient. It's fine a smile like sometimes people get pressure or something where I'm like, why are you frustrated like like and then then makes it uncomfortable for no need a reason cuz I'm you know, I'm I understand. I'm not what you were expecting to deal with that day. And if you just smile and try to communicate to me like a human as in just speak to me, like I have more than the highest respect for you out of just being a human being on this Earth, but some people will turn into a big either in assaulting level of patronizing or Frustration out of like I don't want to deal with this. I'm not going to give you 2 2 seconds of my time. So just be patient people.
Everyone's got their shit going on Sorry by I imagine that would have to be when people are impatient there has to be, you know, very warranted moments of anger where you're like, hey, just so you know, this is a It's believe me for as hard as the first hardest this simple transaction is on you you're not the you're not the focus. It's not about you that that had their hat there has to be a lot of feelings of that along the way I would imagine.
Yeah, exactly. It's like it's not about you and trust me. I have to deal with this shit over and over and over again every day so you can just For one moment. We realize they're going to go a different route than I'm used to and just accept it as it is and you actually might have some fun and learn something new out of it, too. So why get panicky and angry and frustrated just because I might write down something for you hand it to you and give you a thumbs up versus vocalizing it I I will never be able to understand people that get frustrated on that.
Yeah. Yeah. And also when you just said you wanted to come see my show that really broke my heart because like again just you know, the simple ignorance and getting caught up in my own pace. I did that show one all told. Hundred and fifty times in different iterations, probably 80 or 90 times Off-Broadway and like I never thought there's I never thought once hey if we I bet I bet I would if I would bet there are people more thoughtful than I who say we're gonna have a number of performances and along the way and have a translator at some of them are going to advertise that and I bet that means a lot of people and I just as you said it I was like, oh that's the thing. I could have done once that I bet would have meant a lot to some people.
I don't even do that. Once that sucks.
Well, I mean there's a lot of steps wish I wouldn't say. You're the one that stops. But yeah, I mean honestly entertaining or entertainment interpreters is like a new world in general. So even there are a lot of interpreters out there that just don't have the skills to do. Do entertainment level interpreting.
I would say that's only become a popular request within the last four or five years. So there's still like a need for those.
And buy it whatever I tried didn't work out didn't get my money.
Oh, well you watch it on HBO though. I'm sure the HBO probably real good with the captions. I would imagine that's it. That's a in my experience with them top shelf organization. Yeah, it feels pretty great with captions.
And oh my God, I didn't know it's on there. So I'll have to catch up.
Yeah career suicide now. You'll know more about it Beyond just the depressing title. You'll get a full 19. Two minutes of ultra depressing content great when I need a good cry.
You know that kind of night where just go, you know, go buy some why about wine for myself sit down on the couch like Chris depress me.
Oh, that's good my good at the choice.
Now.
That's my bread and butter. That's been my whole career for about 15 years. It's depressing people and calling it a comedy.
Thanks. Now. Here's the thing I'm sensing and I might be reading between the lines. Let me know if this is the case you described yourself as like a big dork a bunch of times. You say you're glad you got glasses you love entertainment. You love comedy have you'd like because also just in our interactions through this interpreter, like you've made me laugh a whole bunch of times like have is there have you thought I'm just I don't know if I'm just reading into it too much. Is there any part of you that's like wanted to entertain or do comedy I'm just getting that sense that we might like demographically outside of this one major difference. We seem like similar people and I just have a hunch am I right?
Or am I wrong?
I mean I've never wanted to be an actor anything but what I do, my life is like I mean, I do ASL performing so I mean, yeah, I guess I am I'm more like yeah, I I don't want to give away too much because the few people I know the thing this will for sure. No, it's me.
I teach sign language and a Performing Arts way a lot like I have After that there are we going to know who I am. I have a piece where I perform. ERM no, you know what? No not going to say but yeah, I mean II I am in the entertainment World in a little sun and I'm very popular popular is not right word.
Well known I'm well-known in like the deaf Community for my work.
I knew it.
How did I know if that there we can just smell our own I can smell another performer a mile away.
I just knew it. That's cool. That's cool. Thanks. Yeah.
Thanks.
It's not a world. I thought I would get involved and I all but my signing style is considered really. Stylized I don't I don't even know the right word to say for it. But I I'm the signing style. I use this very storytelling at like all times and people have noticed like I didn't even notice people had to tell me and so over time. I started to make a career based off of it and based on that career actually my own boss now, like I have a company where I get to use that all the time and this whatever is my shit.
This is my favorite shit. I've heard in a long time. Sorry. Ali I think that's so cool, I think that's so cool. I often think about performing and so much of it is about the ego right so much of it is about like scrambling but then what it's really about deep down is finding ways to connect with other human beings and not feel so alone and to hear that because I would have to imagine that I would have to imagine that when you're young and you're hearing disappears The Performing Arts is one of the Avenues that immediately feels cut off and that everybody stops talking about that and to hear that it does exist and you found your way into it. Like I am so impressed and so excited to hear that it's rad.
Yeah, thanks. That's that's really nice of you to say. Yeah, I I mean it's not like I did theater growing up all my life or anything when I was younger. I was more I was more into comic books and in Star Trek, so I was more busy and that world but as I got older how I found my way to like socialize and fit in and not you know, Make friends and I yeah, I kind of just turn into entertainment. I guess like it's just funny because I don't like I I'm talking to you and I see you as a performer and Entertainer and that and I think of myself and I'm like no like I don't do that.
I don't know if that makes sense.
Well, I don't know if that's just because of a cultural difference that I can never totally understand or if it's a self-confidence thing, but I will say I sniffed you out as a fellow performer. A mile away. So if there's some part of you that's like I'm bashful about calling myself that I would say cut that shit out because it sounds like you're bringing it and I knew it I won here's the thing. I wonder I got a million-dollar idea and I think you and I should team up on this one and probably somebody's already done this has there ever been a performance because I would imagine When you're performing in this world, is it largely performing for Deaf audiences?
It's a mixed. Yeah, it's made a lot of his staff. A lot of it interpreters Kota. There's a lot of different people that show interest in this world. Sometimes it's like students learning sign for the first time but all performances. I always include an interpreter. So it's open to hearing and deaf world.
So it's always translated.
Have you ever done performances or has anyone ever done performances where it is a Audience and then one to two fully hearing people invite it to understand I would I would actually pay a lot of money to attend a performance in sign language for an audience where I was the only person who didn't know sign language to understand the experience of what I would imagine 90% of your entertainment experiences are if that hasn't happened. I want to make that happen with you.
Oh Chris dun dun dun game is on I'll make this happen has to be the only hearing person there and you just want a bunch of deaf people signing around you and you got to figure out what's going like a murder mystery style or something. You got to figure out what the fuck happened.
I want there to be a translator just like you have because I would have to imagine there are probably situations where you go to an environment where you see everyone around you laughing and you're just like looking at this translator and the pacing and the tone. It's just different and you've got to learn to navigate that that the entire entertainment experience is just at a different pace. I would love it. If there was one interpreter speaking your your words translating them from sign everyone else understood sign and was working at the pace that you as a performer set out to accomplish and I had to scramble to formulate it on my own terms afterwards because I want an I would lie think that that would be a great experience for people to be able to understand in some small way.
Never fully. I understand but in some small way.
All right, interesting. I mean if you want to take on that challenge sure I'm down.
I also tend to talk shit. I also tend to talk shit like this and then never followed through but that one would be exciting to me.
That's okay as much as I thought was a great idea. I was like, I'm not organizing and so what's the deal with setting up between workers and hearing workers and making this work? 1204 and I'll show up.
Yeah now I want to get I want to get into some just like fun basic questions. I'm sure these are things you've heard a million times, but now that we're comfortable with each other first thing. Have you ever witnessed something via lip reading from like far away or across the room where you're like, oh, I'm the only person aware of this drama unfolding like have you ever seen like people whispering and breaking up in public and you're like, oh everyone around here is moving on with their day and I can tell this is a brutal. I'll break up anything like that that you get to see.
Okay, let's go ahead and pause because I'm asking if he ever uses lip-reading spy on people is embarrassed by that question. What am I a child my an eight-year-old boy, but he's probably s its kind of question 8 million times I missing this obvious stuff and go feel bad and while I'm recovering, you know what I think I'll help help me not feel so bad is improving my life via the products and services offered by our find sponsors check them out.
Support for today's show comes from audible presenting. Where should we begin with Astaire perel? So original audio series takes you inside the office of the foremost authority on Modern Love stare / L celebrated psychologist who has held a private practice in New York City since 1983. Aster has over three decades of experience navigating the intricacies of love and also desire. Let's not forget that listen as she helps 10 Anonymous couple sort through the intimate and profound details of their Together you might find the language you've been looking for to have conversations with the people in your own life got real couples candid conversation surprising truths. You do not want to miss it. Go to audible. Com slash Astaire to listen. That's audible. Com slash Astaire EST H. ER that is e St.
H. ER Audible and Amazon Prime members. Listen free. So where should we begin?
Let's go ahead and hear the answers to all the questions both the ignorant one eye. Just asked and many more thoughtful ones along the way.
Like have you ever seen like people whispering and breaking up in public and you're like, oh everyone around here is moving on with their day and I can tell this is a brutal breakup anything like that that you get to see.
No, I'm actually a pretty bad lip reader, even though I do use it. That's something with liberating. That's another pet. Peeve people have the a lot of deaf people have is like Expecting The Livery. I mean we do it out of survival, but I almost look at reading the way that you talk about. How much you hate math.
So no, I wouldn't be skilled enough to do that. But to be fair there has been times. I've been out with friends and I will notice a situation going on and pointed out because I'll be able to notice body language of like oh shit right there right there because I rebuttal being like my world. I read body language that all like little thing where I'm like going down some I don't know what it is, but it can't be good similarly because I don't know if this is just a an ignorance that come basically is it before I even ask more questions like this in my excited giddy little shitty tone.
Sorry Sally like it is it is there often is one of the major things that ignorant people ask you about basically comparing deaf people to spies in some way who have access to information. We don't does that get real old because I'm happy to just move on.
I mean, yeah happens a lot. Like a lot of people will be like, what are they saying? What are they saying? And the funny thing is I don't think I mean again just from my personal experience that that people don't eat drop that is such a fucking hearing person thing. I think it's weird that you guys use drop of each other all the time and the fact that you guys like, you know, People listened in on that why that's disgusting.
Well, it's not like you have a choice, but it I guess it's that is a nice. I guess, you know, you always look for the Silver Linings like you've never been in a public restroom now and had to deal with someone just having like a horrific diarrhea blowout next to you don't have to hear that. That's that's a nice silver lining.
Yeah, I mean, you're right. I guess you don't have a choice. But yeah, that exactly is part of my civil. I have a that's what you would put under deaf gangs or death benefits. That's definitely a death benefit is that you don't ever have to listen to someone's body fluids moving through them.
That's nice. And I have you have you ever been in a situation where we're shared sign language with people has like has helped like I'm thinking of like specifically like have We're in a situation that felt dangerous where you're able to like surreptitiously say to another person like hey, we gotta get out of here. This is something bad's happening and you escape the situation because of a shared sign language that the other person that the maybe other people don't perceive that you're communicating around them.
I don't know. A dangerous situation like I I'm I'm pretty door like I don't I don't put myself in situations, but I'm very dangerous very often, but I definitely used it to get out of things with someone absolutely all the time.
And I mean from my again my experience but I mean a lot of deaf people are shit talkers. We're visual people so we look around and we see what's going on. And yeah, a lot of us will just use signed it what the hell is that people signing on the subway bus?
You're saying there's a high percentage chance. They're looking at me and going like that dudes forehead is comically large and they're just Sign man. I'm sitting in the middle of it and I have no idea.
I mean, yeah specially if I think that I think I schools like high schoolers not them mean that Lenny scares me. So if they're like high schooling hell, yeah, they're trying to impress each other. So I guess I mean, yeah, maybe you're an easy target. Sorry.
I always have been always will be its try to have a thick skin and roll with it. That's cool.
Do you hear exactly?
Here's a like here's just a basic question. And again, you can only speak for yourself is it?
He's like as far as different kinds of relationships in your life go. Is it easier to want to have those relationships with other people who share what you're dealing with late and I'm thinking of different things like romantically I would imagine like things like a doctor or a dentist like like there's got to be both personal and sort of like in the infrastructure of your life.
Do you do you tend to seek out other people who share your experience? Is it easier that way.
Yeah, we're we're definitely I mean, we're all drawn to people that are similar to us. So and so Ali yes, but I also feel like there's a lot of deaf cultural things that I don't connect to. I mean like I'm interested in podcast like that's something I talk about with my hearing friends all the time. They're the ones that introduced me to what podcasts are and So, I mean I actually have I did I did date a girl for a while who was hearing. She was splitting time and the main the first or names.
There's a couple of reasons why we broke up and We were you know, we were just discussing exciting whatever it was where we were talking about and all of a sudden she just stopped and got really uncomfortable and I couldn't tell whats up and we were just sitting on a bus together and she was like, can you just not I just don't want to right now. So we just sat in Silence the rest of the way to where we're going and once we were alone, I was like, can I talk to you now like what's going on? And she admitted to me? She's like embarrassed to sign out in public that she doesn't Like being seen with this like disabled guy and that just like boom like really hit me hard of. Wow. I was like falling for this girl and that's how you view me. Like, it's I don't know. So and if son see I can speak people are more similar to avoid situations like that.
But I don't know. I have a mix of people in my life. I mean a lot of my family's not no one in my family is deaf except myself. My brother. Everyone else is hearing and they're not fluent in signed.
Wow, you and your brother no one else in your family. Can I ask it was it was it a genetic condition or a Circa circumstance growing up for you? And your brother? Yeah.
It's definitely Gene. So when he was born, he was full hearing and then he actually lost his hearing all his hearing when he was 12. He got very sick and his hearing went out. That's when we found out it's a gene that we have. I mean, I thought I was easier for me because I already had During lost and I lost it even younger.
He was like a preteen and lost it. So it was a lot rougher for him for sure. But yeah, it's just a gene that we carry with us and a lot of people have it. Apparently, I don't know. I'm not a doctor but I've told its more common than you realize buy it. Either will affect your won't like yeah that girl you dated that really makes my blood boil for a number of reasons.
First of all, it's just mean Behavior second of all, why would someone put in All the time to learn sign language to a point of fluency only to feel shame about interacting with people who use it that seems like a letter you must have felt like tricked almost.
Yeah. Oh, that's a whole story that girl screw me up for a long time.
Yeah, I mean she works with the deaf Community. That's why she was fluent. She uses it for a job and we met a deaf charity and it was one of those I saw her across the room and I was just like wow like got to go talk to her and we hit it off right away. I gave her my number. We had a date like a few days later and it was all awesome and great. But there was I mean, that's only The iceberg of she also like brought up that she can never bring me home because I am black and and she wouldn't want any of her parents or family to know there was a lot of levels of how that girl just really I mean, I'm sure that other people you're lucky.
I'm sure other people have in your life at said this but I think you're better off. I'm sure I'm not the first person to uh to note that maybe someone who is discriminatory towards your your hearing ability and also racist to Big strikes. I don't know if we want to wait around to see what the third strike even is.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah. I mean it was one of those stupid like when I was back, I'm like, I don't know why I put up even with that first moment. I should just like walk done, but I don't know when you I fell hard for her. Like II definitely crate. It's not like I told her like Viewers something right away, but you know and you're seeing someone and you just had that gut feeling this is for the long road. Like I was feeling that for her and so it's just it was a big bombshell. But she also once we were done it just screwed me up in the sense that I felt. Like I really never knew how people actually felt about me. I became really self conscious about how I present myself and how I look and I noticed it effects like my deaf identity like I used to Please be proud and then I started pulling back in this.
I don't want to use the word shameful. But in this I just felt uncomfortable just because of all of what this one girl did to me, but I'm really lucky in that just saying. Oh, yeah, she's way out of my life. I've run for that situation. And I mean I'm now happily with a fiance and we're doing great and she's not racist or against deaf people. So that's what's up.
Is your fiance's your fiance hearing impaired as well?
Yeah, she's deaf.
By the way. I'm not saying you're arrogant. I'm just sharing cuz I like to inform but saying hearing impaired is actually more insulting because it's saying there's something wrong with you. There's nothing wrong with saying test that's like that.
I'll tell you I was Sitting here patting myself on the back the whole time feeling like I was being very sensitive and here I am put my foot in my mouth yet. Again with this goddamn podcast is cut. All right, I'm okay, and I've said it about 85 times and you've just sucked it up each time and then with seven and a half minutes left. You're like yo fuck off on that.
No, I I took the baiting and I that's the thing. I didn't want to say anything at first because I was like nah, he's a good guy. Like he's not saying it but like I also was like that's not the Focus right now. I talk about something else, but then I was like, this is a good I'll just put it out there. So just to the world they say deaths a hard of hearing. Those are expensive the people that are that no, but when you say hearing impaired you make it sound like there's something wrong with them and there's nothing wrong with with being deaf or hard-of-hearing.
Yeah.
Well, I'm sorry about that. I had no intention of offending. I'm glad I know now that I put that phrase in the Put that phrase in the trash pile. Yeah, no, no need to apologize. I'm just forming know like trust me you like.
I mean, it's still using like government forms and shit like it's not really you it's just Saya tea I guess this goes with the like ignoring. The Daphne's in the Sun that Society still has that intact like textbooks and research and There's will have to govern for in the daad like a Disabilities Act. Like they still use hearing impaired. And even though the deaf Community has been very loud. Thanks. Don't do that.
Alright, well considered on on my end and I bet a lot of other listeners that there's a lot of theropod a lot of people listening to this right now who I think are probably because again, I would think that the large majority of the people consuming this podcast our our our listeners are people here.
Hearing it. I bet there are a lot of people who just started giggling going like oh get there. You just let you just put your foot in a pile of shit. I bet there's a bunch of that right now people go on. I'm glad I'm not that guy. So that's it deaf hearing impaired done out of there. Hey, I have a question you'd so so I know they're one of the things that I love about podcast is there I think there's a lot of podcasts focused on different communities, you know, you can find stuff for our are there any are there any Equivalent, like are there podcast for the deaf Community? Are there are there audio podcast video podcast is there is there like an equivalent medium Iris an equivalent is there's a lot of like YouTubers and there's different styles.
There's like comedians there's informative types of that. So yeah, if you like most of my podcast It's more watching. I watch a lot of videos inside like I mean, there's like news and sign and stuff. So but I I mean, I can't say a hundred percent sure, but I'm like 99. 9% sure. I'm probably your only deaf listener on your podcast or watching your show.
Yeah. I mean if there's one thing about the Chris gethard, It's not always the smartest show. It doesn't always make the most sense visually, it's always pretty impressive. I'd like to think I agree with that. Yeah, definitely a lot of that is because when we were on public access the show was so bad and nobody really watches Public Access anymore. So my director was like we need to make this thing look as insane as possible. So people might actually stop and wonder what's going on here.
I see that hey, I mean at least he made it that far. Yeah process even if it's you know the shit show going on.
Oh total shit show most high God.
Hey, I have a question. You mentioned that you you have the episodes of this show transcribed and then you read the Mac. Is that is that a service you're paying for?
No, no, I I got access and that I luckily no one around me at work is no sign at this level so I can say I actually use my work all the time to get them done for me and honestly the cool just so you know, there's a lot of people.
That work as like translators asked me to send them their next assignment because they want to do it cuz I send them a lot of like hot like I do a lot of podcasts like including this one. I'll also send it in like this American leg see y'all missing and murdered which I know is make me sound like a psycho, but I just find that stuff fascinating.
Yeah, and I use a handful of people who I rotate. You them because they say they I mean think about it I get to sit and listen to his podcast and just type them out and what a fun way because really what they're typing out is more like college-level like lectures or like a work meeting being written out for some of the stuff and that so it's on the way more fun material to work with so I would have to imagine is there is there I want to look into I would have to imagine that there's probably I could probably step up and do that.
I could probably be paying a transcription service on my end to get these episodes out there. I thought I would like to do that that seems like easy enough, right?
I mean if you're interested in doing it sure. Yeah, that'd be awesome. I mean are just take away at or I do once a week.
So my point would be that maybe then it could be something that extends Beyond just you a dedicated podcasts consumer listener. I'll say listener regardless of the fact that you're reading. It I think that that's fair. I would like to think that maybe it can go beyond just a personal favor to you and maybe that other people in a community that doesn't have access to this might now have access to it and and feel included.
Yeah, I absolutely agree with that. So go for it and if you are able to get it in written form, I promise you I will spread the word through the community for you.
That would be a very Chris gethard moment. Wouldn't it if it was like who who Who's the biggest demographic that likes your podcast? So actually my podcast is huge in the deaf Community. That's like all that's a very gathered thing to be able to say, I would love that. I would love to become the number one podcast in the deaf community that I Like that really fits in with my overall body of work.
Hell yeah, that'd be awesome. I mean we're is a larger population than you probably realize and why not do it pays the bills and you got bands and had be awesome.
I am into it. This is we have we have about a minute left. I think if we want to thank you. It's been so fun. And you know what my favorite thing about this podcast is I have talked to so so many people from so many walks of life and it always I know I quote Morrissey too much on this podcast. He has this quote I love which is there is no such thing as normal and that's like been the most eye-opening thing about me doing this podcast every single a person. I talked to totally different corners of the world different life experiences. Everybody's just like trying to get through the day trying to get over the heartbreaks trying to throw down do the thing.
Yeah, it's fine.
We're all the same really at the end the day you want basically the same things. We just go different ways of getting there. By the way. Is there anything you want? My interpreter? Say something?
Yeah. No, that's unusually, that's let's spend the last three seconds knowing it was so nice talking to you. Thank you for filling me in thank you for correcting. My ignorant language. Thank you for telling me what your life is like really a beautiful conversation now for the last 30 seconds. Let's everyone listening understand you are no longer speaking for yourself, but Fact forcing a translator to say whatever pops into your head as punishment for being blackout drunk one agreeing to do this.
Okay. Oh man. Now I don't even know what to make this a part bananas potatoes losing control.
Bananas potatoes call her.
Thank you so much so much that I mean everything that was a conversation that since the second I had it. It really rocked me. I kind of never stop thinking about it I feel so. Lucky and we're recording this outdoor weeks after the fact that I'm still reeling from the color that I think so many people, you know that there is a chance there is a chance, who knows who knows I don't make any assumptions, but who knows you could be the only actual deaf consumer of this show and that means that tens of thousands of the rest of us just got to hear your perspective and and I feel blessed you lucky. Thank you. Thank you for sharing and for everybody listens man, I think the main thing people keep talking about why they like the show is they get to empathize with Human beings who live different lives in that and we just got that chance of such a huge beautiful. I think you calling and thank you translator for rolling with the punches having so much fun with it. What a beautiful thing you do and help others. Thank you so much. Now very important thing.
This outro is gonna be a little longer. Look that's all heard. I was bit laughing really hard that call it made that interpreter say the words fart banana potato and I don't I don't think you can a nailed it more. I think those are the three words that needed to be said and I mean I was asking about this for days and then I started thinking man with some mortalized this far.
Banana potato so Earwolf. There's a super talented artist. I'm team Aaron Nestor designed a beautiful poster beautiful poster and it features those soon-to-be famous words part banana peel in sign language form. It shows how to it shows you the methods on how you can say the word fart banana and potato and sign language poster now exists and get it a pod swag. Com / beautiful. Here's an important thing. No, I'm not making any money off of this thing. Okay, that was a fun conversation.
It was cool. It's heartwarming to know that this guy was getting episodes transcribe. We need to be paying for that. We're getting anybody else been some here's what we're gonna do. I'm taking all the proceeds. I would normally get from merchandise. All the money that I would make them disposed to use that money to get more episodes from our back catalogue transcribed going to go for it going to go big.
In fact, we've already got three of them that you can download in text format episode 1 Ron Paul's baby because the big one a lot of people got started on that one feels like that's the first one put out there episode 51 made out with my teacher that got tons of people talking. I felt like that was an episode that the whole Community really rallied around and Like wow, this is like a slice 11 of gets here before. Those are already transcribed. The third episode can get is the one you're listening to or perhaps reading right. Now. All of those transcripts are available on the show page for each episode. So you can download these transcripts and look these posters going to sell them and the more money that we bring in from them again.
I'm not taking any profit the more money that comes in the more we're just going to get transcribed. Hopefully we can go get all of our back catalogue transcribed and then maybe we'll have money left over to keep going and transcribe more in the future. I feel like it's just a cool way for the Community be able to support this episode support this idea and walk around with a pretty specific cool piece of art. So I'm telling you. I'm looking at a copy the poster right now. It's big.
It's cool. The colors are great and nailed it with the Art. Thank you Erin. You can frame this thing good conversation piece in your man cave or maybe over your dining room table if you come from a cool family, who knows but you check this thing out. I'm not making money on it. All the money goes towards transcribing our episodes so that any other deaf listeners can consume them at will lll and not have to jump through hoops to do. So it was eye-opening to hear from our listener. Thank you for putting that idea on the table and and giving me the opportunity to try to step up.
So check it out pod swag. Com / beautiful. You get your official fart banana potato poster. I do just really enjoy seeing it get your official fart banana potato poster at pod swag. Com / beautiful limited-run get online get one. Now, you're helping a good cause you're getting a cool thing. So go for that in the meantime want to thank Many people Jared O'Connell and Harry Nelson Always in the booth killing it and this week in particular. I think really did such a great job want to thank the Reverend John DeLorean Greta Cohen while build this show from the ground up shell shag, because all our music she'll shag Are Beautiful People beautiful artists do support all the stuff that you do. If they ever come to your town you go see him live one of the best live shows and punk rock everybody you like the show you rate review subscribe on Apple podcast Stitch or whatever, whatever you're doing do it get it out there spread word. I'm lucky I get to do this. Thank you for letting me.
Me. Thank you. I'll see you next time.
Detour is an app all about not looking at your phone and instead looking at the world. They've got a hundred and fifty immersive audio Walks from Radiolab Ken Burns and more. It's like a great podcast but it also guides you through the real world so you can check out some fascinating places. I think this is such a cool thing go to D tor. Com / beautiful take one for free.
Hi, I'm LeVar Burton and my new podcast is LeVar Burton reads in each episode. I will handpick a Piece of short fiction and read it to you will dive into work from all different genres from fantasy to mystery to Comedy and of course my go-to science fiction throwing a little music some original sound design and each story will be a whole new adventure in the first episode. I've chosen one of my favorite pieces called Ken by Bruce McAllister.
It's a great story about a young boy who contacts an alien assassin in the hopes of saving his sister's life.
Here's a sneak peek.
The Voice asked in the boy almost looked up it was only a voice mechanical snake-like halting he reminded himself by itself. It could not kill him a man named James Ortega mumbay the boy answered.
The word hissed and the stale apartment are he is going to kill my sister.
I hope you'll join me for LeVar Burton read subscribe now in apple podcasts Stitcher or wherever you listen, and I'll see you next time.
This has been an Earwolf production executive produced by Scott Aukerman, Chris Bannon and Colin Anderson for more information and content visit Earwolf. Com.
Have you ever needed a doctor late at night or when you're traveling tell the doc gives you 24/7 access to board certified doctors anytime anywhere for non emergency conditions that are board certified doctors can diagnose treat and prescribe medication when medically necessary tell the doc is available through most insurance or employers at $45 or less of visit download the app today or visit. Tella doc. Com stories to register today. That's T, EA lady OCD calm / stories
This week's caller is a somewhat unconventional podcast fan. He loves Beautiful/Anonymous even though he's never technically heard an episode. Hmmm. Mysterious. He shares his unique experience with the medium, his outlook on life, and his best party tricks.  This episode is brought to you by Talkspace (www.talkspace.com/beautiful), Hulu Plus, ZipRecruiter (www.ziprecruiter.com/BEAUTIFUL), Casper Mattresses (www.casper.com/BEAUTIFUL), Where Should We Begin? with Esther Perel (www.audible.com/Esther), and Detour (www.detour.com/BEAUTIFUL).
READ LESS
If you didn't know who has a new look and experience that's more intuitive you watch everything from Hulu Originals, like harlots and casual or handmaid's tale which made my wife are obsessed with handmaid's tale. It's so red all you can also watch full seasons of things all your favorites Fargo blackish Empire all in one place with ease and with a new option to add live TV.
You can get limited commercials on the Hulu shows you love as well as 50 plus live and on-demand channels starting at just $39. 99.
And you can watch sports channels like ESPN FS1 Regional sports news other campus events even record live TV with a cloud DVR. So great great deal. Enjoy all of your TV in one place with the brand new Hulu experience go to hulu. Com to start your free trial today. Today's show is sponsored by talk space the online therapy company for as little as thirty two dollars a week. You can work with an experienced licensed therapist handpick just for you on talk space. You can send text audio and video messages to your therapist and talk about your life work through what's keeping you up at night or just work on feeling a bit happier. I'm a big Advocate mental health, whatever you gotta do to take care of yourself.
Go for it. No shame sign up learn more go to talk space. Com slash beautiful and to show your support for this podcast use code beautiful get $30 off your first month. That's beautiful at talk space. Com slash beautiful.
Hello to all my translators being held hostage. Beautiful Anonymous one hour one phone call no names No Holds Barred I'd rather go one-on-one everybody. It's Chris gethard here. Hope you're doing well. I'm so beautiful not atmosphere my voice a little little Gravelly. Guess what? I'm just coming off the roadway. I'm back in New York like New York after two weeks out on the road meeting. All you guys face to face starting in Vancouver. We made our way all over North America and it was it's been so cool.
Shake your guy's hands. Thank you for listening. And also a good Huggers. That's one thing I've learned about the beautiful Anonymous fans out there are people who enjoy a good and at times inappropriately long hug. Thank you for all the hugs. Listen. If you are if you do want to see us that we're back in one night on this this episode is dropping Tuesday, June 13th.
Final show Asbury Park, New Jersey. There are still tickets left. I need Jersey to step up. I've been telling everybody managers my hometown. We're going to sell this out. Looks like we're not going to sell out. I have to be humble about it. That's okay. When I have to sell that point being though, if you're in Jersey, you're nearby you get to Asbury Park. We got two shows at House of Independence Kris ketz. Com. You can get tickets right now.
I want to have a blowout. I want to party on the boardwalk after we finish this story's gonna be like bash at the beach man, like the whole WCW Wrestling event. We have a bash at the beach. If you're downloading this Dead comes out. It's tonight get yourself to Jersey. Tell your boss. Hey, I'm getting out of here early cutting out early go party and get Emo and listen to a phone call.
I'll see you tonight at as Park it'll be good last week's episode was one of our one of our live episodes from the tour. We uploaded that from the road. It was from Portland The Helium Comedy Club a lot of feedback from people saying it was an extremely funny episode, which I greatly appreciate is also a lot of feedback from people saying that they felt bad for the caller and that they weren't too thrilled on me. I want to go ahead and say it's valid I get it. I don't disagree a lot of people saying that with the live crowd there they could feel that I needed to entertain that crowd and maybe the caller had a less intimate experience a lot of people saying they felt like I threw the initial collar under the bus saying He dropped the ball and then her sister saved it and that I was pandering to the crowd a little bit.
I think there's some truth to that. I'm not gonna argue with you. I think if you ever see one thing we've all learned from this tour of you see me tweeted out that tweet out the picture and there's a big crowd behind me know you're getting a slightly different experience and I've learned that and I do want to apologize to the 24 year old caller from the Portland call.
If you felt put a pain in my heart and my gut what I felt on stage that night was that she and I were in it together. We both felt that tension we were laughing about it. My hope is that it Like there was a camaraderie that but I understand listening to it seemed harsher than a normal call. And for anybody who wasn't into that I get it.
I do think it was funny. I do think the live calls or funny think we're going to put some more out there in the world were going to tell you in the coming weeks that you guys can get access to all of them. Some people don't want him. Some people do going to figure that out. We'll let you know and they've been a really wonderful time and that Baltimore one in particular you guys hear that one who gonna lose your minds.
Now, let's talk about this week's call because I am so excited. And I have been so excited. We've been sitting on this one for a month or two, but we got to get this one right? Because it's one of the most special calls that's ever happened. If you ask me. I always remind myself. I am so lucky I get to do this. I get to talk to people who live so differently than I do and it's a blessing.
It's a blessing to see that there's people from all different walks of life, and I always figured certain types of people who I'm never going to be able to talk to because maybe they don't know about podcast. Maybe maybe they come from different circumstances where that's just not a factor in their lives and I say aye A little ignorant. There's the college today comes from a world where I just started. There's no way they consume a podcast How could a I was wrong?
I was totally wrong and my mind was blown and I'm glad it was blown. I got to hear about a life that I didn't ever think. I'd get The Insider's look at I'm I'm so grateful that it happened. It's a really cool crazy thing that I got to participate in. I'm so psyched about it. And I think you're going to be psyched about it too.
I got fired up. We got so fired up here at Earwolf that we're actually doing a thing when I put this out here end of the episode we're selling. A piece of merchandise it ties into the episode. You're about to hear some of you guys turn off the episodes before the out shows this week. I'm just asking you as a favor to me stick around here about this thing. If I'm not making any money off of this piece of merchandise, it's towards a greater purpose. It relates to this call.
I'm so sick. I don't want to say too much. I've been talking too much already. It's one of my favorite calls think it's going to be one of your favorite calls to let's get into it.
Thank you for calling beautiful Anonymous a beeping noise will indicate when you are on the show with the host.
Hello. Hi. Oh, hi. How's it going?
It's okay. How about you?
I can't complain that's good.
Sounds like we're on the same page about that one.
Yeah for sure, but I actually Chris there's something I have to explain to you right off the bat before we get too far in this conversation.
So this voice that you're hearing right now is actually not who you're going to be speaking to you today. The person that wants to speak to you happens to be deaf, and he wanted to have a conversation with you. I'm just a good friend just person who agreed to make this conversation goes smoothly as possible.
Wow.
That's yeah, that's okay. That's head spring spinning. So okay, this is cool. So let me so the logistics I'm so so I'll speak and you you speak sign language, you'll pass on what I say and your friend will let you know what how to respond. Is that how this works?
Exactly. So while you're speaking I'll rely It To Em and sign he's going to sign back to me and I will hand off the new information for you. Wow.
Okay, this is exciting and this right away. I feel like we should all just say like this. Is this an experiment that I haven't done before and then I bet you haven't so the pacing of this one might be a little different than what are you our listeners are are used to but I think anybody listening would be excited, too.
Give it a chance. That's cool.
So yeah, so just wanna let you know I set it up from so from this point on it's anything he said not from me great.
Great. Thank you for thank you for doing this. This is a this is really this is exciting.
Oh anytime.
So do you are you a regular? So as far as far as the podcast itself it? I don't want to be insulting. Anyway, it is an audio medium. I'm a little surprised to have someone who's hearing impaired reach out just because of that. Maybe you could let me know how you came to know the show.
Yeah, I figured that was what was going to catch your attention. So when I called and I explained that I am actually a fan of this podcast and I know some other work he's done. So for me, what I do here podcast is I send it out to get translated into English. So I read all your podcast their services that will do that for me.
Me.
Wow that I want to apologize for the amount of um's and likes and so's you've had to read also the amount of times that I get excited ask a question then reiterated like three or four times before I let the person answer. I feel like I infuriate myself with that you maybe more than any other consumer the show that I just want to apologize because you take it on the chin harder than anybody when it comes to that.
Honestly, I haven't even noticed that but I pointed out I'm going to read through again and probably judge you a little bit but honestly reading through your podcast is one of the best the research do because it's a phone conversation. So it's nice back and forth back and forth. I tried other one. Like I enjoy comedy and like Comedy Bang Bang is so hard to read even though I really enjoyed time. But I know I'm missing like more than half the jokes out of just the contact is so different when it's spoken, but no, actually this podcast is like my son read during the week and just getting to hear all these different stories. It's really awesome. So I'm sure it's great to listen to but I have a great time reading it too as well.
That's very cool. Thank you. So maybe let me know, you know as Know from from reading the transcripts. I like to just get into it. So as always anything that you don't want to answer just tell me buzz off. That's fine. Have you been were you were you born deaf? Is this something that happened in the course of your life? Maybe you can just let me know like the background.
Yeah, of course, just so you know that people are really blunt. So don't ever worry about asking the wrong questions. I'd rather you just put it out there with want people are very forward. So I think you'll probably notice that within this conversation.
Yeah, so actually I was born hard of hearing I used to wear hearing aids and at that time growing up I would say I would would have more had like a hearing perspective on life but then around age six. I got sick and the rest of my hearing went so I've been deaf ever since like six years old. Wow.
That's that must be pretty brutal for a six-year-old kid to have to have to. A figure out that new world that that that what a feel like that's like like just just old enough that you can understand what's going on and not nearly old enough to be able to process that.
I mean to be honest, I mean I already had some hearing loss. So I already could tell I was different. I just didn't understand why you're hot like I just didn't have an identity of being deaf or hard-of-hearing and then when it happened I knew like I could tell him that time I was different that there was a change. I just didn't understand what it was because I wasn't surrounded by that culture yet. So I don't know. It wasn't so much a shock of it happening. It was just more of the community around me didn't know what to do with me.
Right?
So that was probably the harder part.
So even though you were hard of hearing you your parents had you weren't you weren't in a school or in classes, you know dealing with that. This was something that went when it when it became a full-fledged thing. It was now you have to kind of get in the deep end on that. Yeah, exactly.
So beforehand I was just in a public school and then when I lost my hearing I continued in the public school for about two years and I just noticed I couldn't keep up and also I wasn't fluent in sign at the time. So it wasn't like even having an interpreter would have made a different so I basically had a drop out of school and then they put me into a a deaf program where I started like back to the Jennings and caught myself back up to what like a six-year-old should know at that time.
And then I stayed in a deaf school all the way up until like in college level.
Wow, and then when you when you go to college because II was totally overwhelmed and scared and depressed by college and I have all five of my senses. Like it's just such a radical life changed to to go to go from a at that point what 10 11 years of schooling that is, you know designed to help with this issue into college that must be that must have been the most overwhelming stretch.
In the world Yeah, I mean, I found College overwhelming but honestly, it wasn't the Death part. It was just like social anxiety and like being new like just being like I'm a big dork. So I felt like I was in my hard to fit in and that way but that part I thought anything I was like people are always interested to learn sign and like, you know, if anything I use it to my advantage with the ladies to the office, but now I the signing part was a mask.
And use it like being away and be on my own at that point I was used to being liked. I mean, yes, I went to deaf schools, but I still had a world of all these hearing people around me that didn't know sign that I had to deal with all the time. So it wasn't like a new situation for me. But I know for some people in the deaf community that absolutely would be now I gotta we gotta pump the brakes a little bit.
I got to bring it back to something you said in what way were you using your deafness as a tool with the ladies?
Because that sounds like you really went big on some baller shit.
All right, I guess I'll tell you my Jewels are used. So I mean right away you could tell it was deaf and everyone gets exciting be like, oh, how do you sign this? How do you sign that? So I became cool and that matter. I also had like party tricks. I would do to like break the ice. My favorite ones I would do I call it the party trick was I would have a friend or so or a girl named I was interested in to like try to make her laugh. I'm always about making the laughs.
All right, I got her to like I'll be like hey watch this and then I would find a circle of people that I didn't really know yet that we're in conversation and I would just walk out and kind of like not along kind of join the conversation make it seem like I knew what was and I would on purposely We try not to read their lips tonight because I just wanted to go and blind and then I would just blurt out the most random thing I could think of and that time and just like I don't know what it was but people found that hilarious. I'm going to walk away and then I go back to them. Do you like how funny was that?
Some reason it works.
Now, we are going out loud.
I'm pretty funny and and to get those moments when like when you're like, You know when it is working when you're vibing with a girl you're alone and then she has to she have to just ask like, how do I sign? I'm ready to take this to the next level and then you have to like teacher. Do you ever have a moment where your it's like ghost with Patrick Swayze and the sculpting where you're like, you're doing it wrong. You stand behind her and take her hands and mold them into the shape of the correct signage.
I mean, yeah, you know, like I said, I'm pretty pretty well and I do a lot of people just ask more curiosity, but honestly forget Nah, but other than that no, it's more like people just be interested ask questions about like what it's like to be deaf or question. I used to get asked all the time. Like do you dream and Stein and so I don't know if sometimes they were great and funny other times. I'm like, this is just arrogant and I don't know. I stayed up for myself more compared to back then. I just like whatever it's a cute girl, whatever she wants to say, it's fine.
Yeah, I mean, I know you just brought it up as the example of an ignorant question, but I've never thought about it before do your dream Ensign. I apologized immediately as but I never thought about that my life.
Yeah, I was saying I do. Yeah whenever I'm Dreaming or someone's communicating with me, I just picture it in sign because that's how I communicate. But again, I've only talked about me. I can't talk for any other deaf person in the community about their dreams and what they're doing so well, yeah, I always say yeah, I basically Dreamin sign and like I get asked even if that person doesn't know sign and I'm like, yeah, I feel that.
Wow, now I've read you know, I tend to read a ton because I'm a nerd that way and there is a I'm I'm I'm pretty certain that there's a school for the hearing impaired in my neighborhood because very often on the Subways at certain times of day. There'll just be a lot of kids signing to each other and it's clear that there's a school situation. I've read and again total ignorance. I'm not asking you to speak for everyone in your community.
I have read that. There's a maybe a trend and then you might be able to fill me in more that that sometimes there is almost like a like a level of anger in the deaf Community towards the hearing community that the hearing Community doesn't necessarily realize exists is do you know what I'm referring to?
Yeah, that's definitely some point. Do you use I mean, I knew this would go into topics of talking about like Deaf culture and deaf Community. It's just hard because I can only talk from my perspective and my personal experiences. But yeah, absolutely. I feel like it's just there's a lot of of times it's not so much about not being seen but not realizing our knee and just I mean again, I'm looking at this more of like a dull point of view now, but simple things like little things I need to get my job done during the day and Having things written now or interpreters or just one-on-one time. Sometimes it just gets cut and people like we'll just forget and act like well, you'll figure it out and not realizing when you have that kind of attitude. I miss out on what you need me to know and it just feels fair and vulnerable and it does kind of feel like you're not being seen at times and that can yeah that definitely is rough specially if you're like a kid And I totally know what school you're talking about do so. Yeah, you you live in New York City, right? Yeah.
I live in Jackson Heights Queens. Yeah.
Okay. There's a huge. Yeah. There's a big decimal in Queens.
I know of and that and it also depends on what kind of culture you grew up around like sometimes there's communities that are like parkour strong deaf where there's a lot of deaf people in the area.
And they all support each other like you could go to the grocery store or to the doctor or anywhere and everyone knows sign. So those people who live in their own little bubble of a deaf friendly environment. And then you have other environment where you can't even get the help and support to learn sign that you're expected to just be oral and to real it. So there's such a huge.
Spectrum of what is available at not available and the deaf community. So there's definitely people that get frustrated easily with the lack of resources.
I also have to wonder do on a social level, you know, I've never thought about this before but I would imagine someone who learns to live their life through Visual cues sign language, but also things like eye contact her important body language, you must maybe I would imagine there is It fair to say like there must be some level at which you're perceiving those things at aat a different way and a lot of people's instinct when they're around. Someone different is to demonstrate discomfort. Do you see other people's discomfort in a way I wouldn't does it does it? I don't know. I don't want it's a sad question. But like does it just come through clear and hurt a little bit more or is that just me thinking too hard about this?
It's that's a good one.
I want to say it hurt. I rather people be curious and ask questions. I think it's where it's coming from if you're coming from a place of like, oh, you're different me. Let me get to know that I'm more than happy to share my experience with you. You if it's coming from more of this like the most annoying thing to me is when I talk not okay, I'm deaf and I say I'm sorry why I'm not sorry. I love you. I am like fuck you. I think this is great. And yeah, we definitely have a different perspective and I think that's why deaf Community has actually grown in the last couple of years with like popularity in like media. And you know, there's been like Broadway shows using sign more and I think I'm like there's TV shows that short show more deaf people stuff. So I feel like becoming more visible and that's helping but I still I always get that feeling with a certain amount of people that will always feel apologetic and that's the thing that feels so weird is why I said, Apologetic. I also just realized I curse and I tried really hard to tell myself not to because I am a mama's boy. And I know you said your mom listens to this. So sorry Sally that's amazing.
That's amazing you just so so you just use sign language to say the phrase is sorry Sally. Did you have to spell out the essay a la why that is I think my mom will be very touched by that.
Yeah, I did have to spell her name but actually the grill voice that you're hearing right now. We connected beforehand and we came up with some to help with the speed. We came up with some signs. So, you know, we came up with a sign for podcasts for Chris for Sally so we can know quicker we were referencing right Sally. We just did do the sign for Mom but the letter s so she knew I was talking about your mom.
Mom Sally is the S Mom. Let's everybody spread. Everybody's fredward. Now there is something since you did because it is you know, there is there is this layer of you know of someone sort of translating between two two mediums for us. It did it does make me laugh. There is a world in which you know, you are you are, you know a person who has a female human speaking on your behalf. You could conceivably make her say anything you want out.
Out on a pretty pretty popular podcast you could she is HonorBound to say anything you signed. So there is I don't know you do you kind of are a puppet master right now?
Oh, I don't worry. I totally thought of that ahead of time and I wondered like what can I make her say right now?
I'll wait on that. I'm not going to push it out. Our we got we got 40 minutes up, so don't don't forget.
Me too. Don't forget to tell me to loop back around to that one. I also have to say the nervous the nervous giggle at the end of that. It's hard for me to discern whether that was you giggling with the anticipation of doing that or your translator giggling as she said out loud the plan you and I are formulating between us to do to get to abuse this level of trust and kindness.
Oh that was all her just being nervous, but luckily. Really good friends and I even The best is when we did when we decided to do this.
Something you should know about this girl. She's very we good girl good person. And when I decided maybe I'll give it a try and call it voicemail. I met up with her and she happened to be really drunk and I never seen her ever and that level not her Norm. She's like not a drinker. So I was like, oh my God, and so I asked her I was like, hey, it's Colin and she was overly confident like hell, yeah.
We called we left a voicemail and then I think it was a day or two days later after I was like so they ever reach out and she's like who the hell are you talking about? Who she totally forgot and then when I reminded her she was so embarrassed.
So there are three people effectively participating in this discourse right now. And one of them was blackout drunk when it was all when it all came to be.
Yeah, basically and now you also have the ability to force her to tell that story from your perspective is a very it's a very fun thing to have at your disposal. I'm glad to be involved in this it's making me giggle with a lot of Glee. I never anticipated this being a part of my my day today.
I'm glad it makes you happy because it's definitely make me happy over here and it's only wanted to point out to its Bonnie thank you brought up the whole, you know, you're hearing this female voice and I am male and you can probably tell from her. I'm sure sweet little gentle voice that she is this like white girl, and I'm also a black Puerto Rican man. So sorry Isaac hilarious when you get an interpreter, you know, there's no way they can actually see who you are.
I think that's as good a point as any we always have the audio landscape with each other. So now we can go build the visuals. Let's everybody go build our Visual and as you're putting in that brain work another thing I want to seep into your brain is word from our sponsors. They help make the show happen for free. Thank you to all of them for helping make that happen and we'll be back soon with more phone call.
Went on a little vacation February don't go on vacation so often and I enjoyed it Joy. It was at a resort don't do the resorts and about halfway through the vacation. My lovely wife turns to me. She goes, you know, I like this but you know what I miss most of all sleeping in my Casper. She said it to me and she meant it because the Casper is rad the Casper isn't obsessively engineered mattress at a shockingly fair price.
It's got support of memory foams and award-winning sleep surface. Just the right sink just the right Bounty.
Try it for 100 nights risk.
In your own home, if you don't love it, but pick it up. They'll refund your everything that's good customer service right there confidence in the product. It is earned. I sleep in one I love it. They know Casper knows you got to sleep on a mattress before he commits. You can spend a third of your life on this thing. Okay, and there's free shipping and returns to US and Canada with over 20,000 reviews and an average of 4. 8 Stars It's Quickly becoming the internet's favorite mattress. I sleep on one. I love it.
The fact that it has 4. 8 Stars it baffling as a five-star product. Whoever these people are that give it anything but five stars, they are grumpy people not to be trusted and their opinions frankly. Do not matter because the Casper is legit such a good mattress to sleep on my wife has said she will never sleep on another type of mattress again get fifty dollars towards any mattress purchase by visiting www. Cancer. Gov / beautiful use the offer code beautiful terms and conditions apply.
Are you hiring? Do you know where to post your job to find the best candidates finding great talent can be tough. Thankfully with zip recruiter can post your job to 100 plus job sites with just one click then they're powerful technology efficiently matches the right people to your job better than anybody else. That's why zip recruiter is different unlike other job sites. Zip recruiter doesn't depend on candidates finding you it finds them.
Okay, it does that work for you. In fact over 80 Scent of jobs posted on zip recruiter get a qualified candidate and just 24 hours. There's no juggling emails not a million calls to your office. All you got to do you screen rate manage candidates all in one place with zip recruiters easy-to-use dashboard find out today. Why is it recruiter has been used by businesses of all sizes to find the most qualified job candidates with immediate results.
And right now my listeners can post jobs on zip recruiter for free. That's right free you go to zip recruiter. Com, / beautiful. So that is zip recruiter. Com / beautiful one more time. You want to try it for free right. Now you go to zip recruiter. Com beautiful.
Thank you to all the advertisers who help make this show happen. Now one of my favorite phone calls of all time. Let's get back to it interpreter.
You know, there's no way they can actually sell like who you are. Yeah. Yeah. This girl's amazing. I'm not trying to talk her down. She did a great job. Oh my God, if you can see how red her face is right now probably the weirdest Josh he's ever had to do.
So just because it's so just because you can't hear my laughter. I want to make sure that your translator describes it to you as how would I describe the laughter? I just put out as a an enthusiastic and enthusiastic borderline scream level left that reveled in the social discomfort that the The young lady who is the middle person of this conversation has been forced into well, I have to say she's very professional.
So when you are laughing, she doesn't match the level of doctor you're creating in that just just because we did open this door.
I do Wonder so you said you are you are part black heart Puerto Rican mail. Maybe you can let us know your height your weight just so we have a full image of who of who I'm actually speaking to as juxtaposed to the very pixie ish voiceover a white girl that I am hearing.
Yeah. Sure. Okay. Hi. I'm about 6 to I weigh like 185 and like long skinny rail, I guess some people say have a hipster. Look wear glasses. I'm a big dork. I'm very nerdy and I think that comes clear easily from just me walking gangly into a room.
So I don't know.
I'm not sure how else this guy myself but I was sorry to put you on the spot there, but it's just the juxtaposition between the the voice of the image is giving me great to like so thank you for that. So we're having fun. I want to make sure we have a lot of fun in this car. Station because that's what I'm down for you mentioned that you're into comedy. I want to talk about more more about that. But before we do just like information only and just out of Fascination and hearing a little bit about you know, your background some of the awkward ways people can behave are there simple things, you know, most people don't want to put in effort.
I know that I can get very lazy. I have a two-pronged question like average everyday people are there simple things? Things we can be doing that will just like make it a little easier for you and other deaf people encounter are there like little simple things where it's like, hey, this takes no effort and just do it and then also for myself as an Entertainer, I wonder are there like simple things I can be doing like, you know, like it's You know, sometimes I'll be doing a show. It's like it's my instinct isn't book a translator and have them on hand for everything I ever do are there are there simple effortless things where it's like if you guys if you just did this I can't tell you how much it would mean to deaf people when you encounter them.
Okay.
I think so. Okay. I'm gonna start the entertainment wise because I am I'm a big fan of entertainment.
Honestly, like little thing more people could do is just add captions to everything if you had like, I understand live is different, but if you If you're making videos, if you're like a used to star in that just add captions that takes like no time at all. It's free to do and you'll just also open up the possibility of who will be watching are connected to you.
That's a big one. I actually try to come see your Broadway show. I try to hire someone they couldn't do it. So I never got to see it. But I'm sure it was awesome. Even though it was the saddest title I've ever seen for a show. Oh, but and for the average person I think patient is the main thing is just you know II mean I live in a I live in a city where everything is GoGo guy live in a big city. So everything's go go go and sometimes people get frustrated over. You know, I understand I'm hearing world and I've accepted that and that's fine. I understand the world we live in Is hearing but like people get frustrated at me for needing to take 10 extra seconds to write down my knees or write down my order or and to me I'm like just be patient. It's fine a smile like sometimes people get pressure or something where I'm like, why are you frustrated like like and then then makes it uncomfortable for no need a reason cuz I'm you know, I'm I understand. I'm not what you were expecting to deal with that day. And if you just smile and try to communicate to me like a human as in just speak to me, like I have more than the highest respect for you out of just being a human being on this Earth, but some people will turn into a big either in assaulting level of patronizing or Frustration out of like I don't want to deal with this. I'm not going to give you 2 2 seconds of my time. So just be patient people.
Everyone's got their shit going on Sorry by I imagine that would have to be when people are impatient there has to be, you know, very warranted moments of anger where you're like, hey, just so you know, this is a It's believe me for as hard as the first hardest this simple transaction is on you you're not the you're not the focus. It's not about you that that had their hat there has to be a lot of feelings of that along the way I would imagine.
Yeah, exactly. It's like it's not about you and trust me. I have to deal with this shit over and over and over again every day so you can just For one moment. We realize they're going to go a different route than I'm used to and just accept it as it is and you actually might have some fun and learn something new out of it, too. So why get panicky and angry and frustrated just because I might write down something for you hand it to you and give you a thumbs up versus vocalizing it I I will never be able to understand people that get frustrated on that.
Yeah. Yeah. And also when you just said you wanted to come see my show that really broke my heart because like again just you know, the simple ignorance and getting caught up in my own pace. I did that show one all told. Hundred and fifty times in different iterations, probably 80 or 90 times Off-Broadway and like I never thought there's I never thought once hey if we I bet I bet I would if I would bet there are people more thoughtful than I who say we're gonna have a number of performances and along the way and have a translator at some of them are going to advertise that and I bet that means a lot of people and I just as you said it I was like, oh that's the thing. I could have done once that I bet would have meant a lot to some people.
I don't even do that. Once that sucks.
Well, I mean there's a lot of steps wish I wouldn't say. You're the one that stops. But yeah, I mean honestly entertaining or entertainment interpreters is like a new world in general. So even there are a lot of interpreters out there that just don't have the skills to do. Do entertainment level interpreting.
I would say that's only become a popular request within the last four or five years. So there's still like a need for those.
And buy it whatever I tried didn't work out didn't get my money.
Oh, well you watch it on HBO though. I'm sure the HBO probably real good with the captions. I would imagine that's it. That's a in my experience with them top shelf organization. Yeah, it feels pretty great with captions.
And oh my God, I didn't know it's on there. So I'll have to catch up.
Yeah career suicide now. You'll know more about it Beyond just the depressing title. You'll get a full 19. Two minutes of ultra depressing content great when I need a good cry.
You know that kind of night where just go, you know, go buy some why about wine for myself sit down on the couch like Chris depress me.
Oh, that's good my good at the choice.
Now.
That's my bread and butter. That's been my whole career for about 15 years. It's depressing people and calling it a comedy.
Thanks. Now. Here's the thing I'm sensing and I might be reading between the lines. Let me know if this is the case you described yourself as like a big dork a bunch of times. You say you're glad you got glasses you love entertainment. You love comedy have you'd like because also just in our interactions through this interpreter, like you've made me laugh a whole bunch of times like have is there have you thought I'm just I don't know if I'm just reading into it too much. Is there any part of you that's like wanted to entertain or do comedy I'm just getting that sense that we might like demographically outside of this one major difference. We seem like similar people and I just have a hunch am I right?
Or am I wrong?
I mean I've never wanted to be an actor anything but what I do, my life is like I mean, I do ASL performing so I mean, yeah, I guess I am I'm more like yeah, I I don't want to give away too much because the few people I know the thing this will for sure. No, it's me.
I teach sign language and a Performing Arts way a lot like I have After that there are we going to know who I am. I have a piece where I perform. ERM no, you know what? No not going to say but yeah, I mean II I am in the entertainment World in a little sun and I'm very popular popular is not right word.
Well known I'm well-known in like the deaf Community for my work.
I knew it.
How did I know if that there we can just smell our own I can smell another performer a mile away.
I just knew it. That's cool. That's cool. Thanks. Yeah.
Thanks.
It's not a world. I thought I would get involved and I all but my signing style is considered really. Stylized I don't I don't even know the right word to say for it. But I I'm the signing style. I use this very storytelling at like all times and people have noticed like I didn't even notice people had to tell me and so over time. I started to make a career based off of it and based on that career actually my own boss now, like I have a company where I get to use that all the time and this whatever is my shit.
This is my favorite shit. I've heard in a long time. Sorry. Ali I think that's so cool, I think that's so cool. I often think about performing and so much of it is about the ego right so much of it is about like scrambling but then what it's really about deep down is finding ways to connect with other human beings and not feel so alone and to hear that because I would have to imagine that I would have to imagine that when you're young and you're hearing disappears The Performing Arts is one of the Avenues that immediately feels cut off and that everybody stops talking about that and to hear that it does exist and you found your way into it. Like I am so impressed and so excited to hear that it's rad.
Yeah, thanks. That's that's really nice of you to say. Yeah, I I mean it's not like I did theater growing up all my life or anything when I was younger. I was more I was more into comic books and in Star Trek, so I was more busy and that world but as I got older how I found my way to like socialize and fit in and not you know, Make friends and I yeah, I kind of just turn into entertainment. I guess like it's just funny because I don't like I I'm talking to you and I see you as a performer and Entertainer and that and I think of myself and I'm like no like I don't do that.
I don't know if that makes sense.
Well, I don't know if that's just because of a cultural difference that I can never totally understand or if it's a self-confidence thing, but I will say I sniffed you out as a fellow performer. A mile away. So if there's some part of you that's like I'm bashful about calling myself that I would say cut that shit out because it sounds like you're bringing it and I knew it I won here's the thing. I wonder I got a million-dollar idea and I think you and I should team up on this one and probably somebody's already done this has there ever been a performance because I would imagine When you're performing in this world, is it largely performing for Deaf audiences?
It's a mixed. Yeah, it's made a lot of his staff. A lot of it interpreters Kota. There's a lot of different people that show interest in this world. Sometimes it's like students learning sign for the first time but all performances. I always include an interpreter. So it's open to hearing and deaf world.
So it's always translated.
Have you ever done performances or has anyone ever done performances where it is a Audience and then one to two fully hearing people invite it to understand I would I would actually pay a lot of money to attend a performance in sign language for an audience where I was the only person who didn't know sign language to understand the experience of what I would imagine 90% of your entertainment experiences are if that hasn't happened. I want to make that happen with you.
Oh Chris dun dun dun game is on I'll make this happen has to be the only hearing person there and you just want a bunch of deaf people signing around you and you got to figure out what's going like a murder mystery style or something. You got to figure out what the fuck happened.
I want there to be a translator just like you have because I would have to imagine there are probably situations where you go to an environment where you see everyone around you laughing and you're just like looking at this translator and the pacing and the tone. It's just different and you've got to learn to navigate that that the entire entertainment experience is just at a different pace. I would love it. If there was one interpreter speaking your your words translating them from sign everyone else understood sign and was working at the pace that you as a performer set out to accomplish and I had to scramble to formulate it on my own terms afterwards because I want an I would lie think that that would be a great experience for people to be able to understand in some small way.
Never fully. I understand but in some small way.
All right, interesting. I mean if you want to take on that challenge sure I'm down.
I also tend to talk shit. I also tend to talk shit like this and then never followed through but that one would be exciting to me.
That's okay as much as I thought was a great idea. I was like, I'm not organizing and so what's the deal with setting up between workers and hearing workers and making this work? 1204 and I'll show up.
Yeah now I want to get I want to get into some just like fun basic questions. I'm sure these are things you've heard a million times, but now that we're comfortable with each other first thing. Have you ever witnessed something via lip reading from like far away or across the room where you're like, oh, I'm the only person aware of this drama unfolding like have you ever seen like people whispering and breaking up in public and you're like, oh everyone around here is moving on with their day and I can tell this is a brutal. I'll break up anything like that that you get to see.
Okay, let's go ahead and pause because I'm asking if he ever uses lip-reading spy on people is embarrassed by that question. What am I a child my an eight-year-old boy, but he's probably s its kind of question 8 million times I missing this obvious stuff and go feel bad and while I'm recovering, you know what I think I'll help help me not feel so bad is improving my life via the products and services offered by our find sponsors check them out.
Support for today's show comes from audible presenting. Where should we begin with Astaire perel? So original audio series takes you inside the office of the foremost authority on Modern Love stare / L celebrated psychologist who has held a private practice in New York City since 1983. Aster has over three decades of experience navigating the intricacies of love and also desire. Let's not forget that listen as she helps 10 Anonymous couple sort through the intimate and profound details of their Together you might find the language you've been looking for to have conversations with the people in your own life got real couples candid conversation surprising truths. You do not want to miss it. Go to audible. Com slash Astaire to listen. That's audible. Com slash Astaire EST H. ER that is e St.
H. ER Audible and Amazon Prime members. Listen free. So where should we begin?
Let's go ahead and hear the answers to all the questions both the ignorant one eye. Just asked and many more thoughtful ones along the way.
Like have you ever seen like people whispering and breaking up in public and you're like, oh everyone around here is moving on with their day and I can tell this is a brutal breakup anything like that that you get to see.
No, I'm actually a pretty bad lip reader, even though I do use it. That's something with liberating. That's another pet. Peeve people have the a lot of deaf people have is like Expecting The Livery. I mean we do it out of survival, but I almost look at reading the way that you talk about. How much you hate math.
So no, I wouldn't be skilled enough to do that. But to be fair there has been times. I've been out with friends and I will notice a situation going on and pointed out because I'll be able to notice body language of like oh shit right there right there because I rebuttal being like my world. I read body language that all like little thing where I'm like going down some I don't know what it is, but it can't be good similarly because I don't know if this is just a an ignorance that come basically is it before I even ask more questions like this in my excited giddy little shitty tone.
Sorry Sally like it is it is there often is one of the major things that ignorant people ask you about basically comparing deaf people to spies in some way who have access to information. We don't does that get real old because I'm happy to just move on.
I mean, yeah happens a lot. Like a lot of people will be like, what are they saying? What are they saying? And the funny thing is I don't think I mean again just from my personal experience that that people don't eat drop that is such a fucking hearing person thing. I think it's weird that you guys use drop of each other all the time and the fact that you guys like, you know, People listened in on that why that's disgusting.
Well, it's not like you have a choice, but it I guess it's that is a nice. I guess, you know, you always look for the Silver Linings like you've never been in a public restroom now and had to deal with someone just having like a horrific diarrhea blowout next to you don't have to hear that. That's that's a nice silver lining.
Yeah, I mean, you're right. I guess you don't have a choice. But yeah, that exactly is part of my civil. I have a that's what you would put under deaf gangs or death benefits. That's definitely a death benefit is that you don't ever have to listen to someone's body fluids moving through them.
That's nice. And I have you have you ever been in a situation where we're shared sign language with people has like has helped like I'm thinking of like specifically like have We're in a situation that felt dangerous where you're able to like surreptitiously say to another person like hey, we gotta get out of here. This is something bad's happening and you escape the situation because of a shared sign language that the other person that the maybe other people don't perceive that you're communicating around them.
I don't know. A dangerous situation like I I'm I'm pretty door like I don't I don't put myself in situations, but I'm very dangerous very often, but I definitely used it to get out of things with someone absolutely all the time.
And I mean from my again my experience but I mean a lot of deaf people are shit talkers. We're visual people so we look around and we see what's going on. And yeah, a lot of us will just use signed it what the hell is that people signing on the subway bus?
You're saying there's a high percentage chance. They're looking at me and going like that dudes forehead is comically large and they're just Sign man. I'm sitting in the middle of it and I have no idea.
I mean, yeah specially if I think that I think I schools like high schoolers not them mean that Lenny scares me. So if they're like high schooling hell, yeah, they're trying to impress each other. So I guess I mean, yeah, maybe you're an easy target. Sorry.
I always have been always will be its try to have a thick skin and roll with it. That's cool.
Do you hear exactly?
Here's a like here's just a basic question. And again, you can only speak for yourself is it?
He's like as far as different kinds of relationships in your life go. Is it easier to want to have those relationships with other people who share what you're dealing with late and I'm thinking of different things like romantically I would imagine like things like a doctor or a dentist like like there's got to be both personal and sort of like in the infrastructure of your life.
Do you do you tend to seek out other people who share your experience? Is it easier that way.
Yeah, we're we're definitely I mean, we're all drawn to people that are similar to us. So and so Ali yes, but I also feel like there's a lot of deaf cultural things that I don't connect to. I mean like I'm interested in podcast like that's something I talk about with my hearing friends all the time. They're the ones that introduced me to what podcasts are and So, I mean I actually have I did I did date a girl for a while who was hearing. She was splitting time and the main the first or names.
There's a couple of reasons why we broke up and We were you know, we were just discussing exciting whatever it was where we were talking about and all of a sudden she just stopped and got really uncomfortable and I couldn't tell whats up and we were just sitting on a bus together and she was like, can you just not I just don't want to right now. So we just sat in Silence the rest of the way to where we're going and once we were alone, I was like, can I talk to you now like what's going on? And she admitted to me? She's like embarrassed to sign out in public that she doesn't Like being seen with this like disabled guy and that just like boom like really hit me hard of. Wow. I was like falling for this girl and that's how you view me. Like, it's I don't know. So and if son see I can speak people are more similar to avoid situations like that.
But I don't know. I have a mix of people in my life. I mean a lot of my family's not no one in my family is deaf except myself. My brother. Everyone else is hearing and they're not fluent in signed.
Wow, you and your brother no one else in your family. Can I ask it was it was it a genetic condition or a Circa circumstance growing up for you? And your brother? Yeah.
It's definitely Gene. So when he was born, he was full hearing and then he actually lost his hearing all his hearing when he was 12. He got very sick and his hearing went out. That's when we found out it's a gene that we have. I mean, I thought I was easier for me because I already had During lost and I lost it even younger.
He was like a preteen and lost it. So it was a lot rougher for him for sure. But yeah, it's just a gene that we carry with us and a lot of people have it. Apparently, I don't know. I'm not a doctor but I've told its more common than you realize buy it. Either will affect your won't like yeah that girl you dated that really makes my blood boil for a number of reasons.
First of all, it's just mean Behavior second of all, why would someone put in All the time to learn sign language to a point of fluency only to feel shame about interacting with people who use it that seems like a letter you must have felt like tricked almost.
Yeah. Oh, that's a whole story that girl screw me up for a long time.
Yeah, I mean she works with the deaf Community. That's why she was fluent. She uses it for a job and we met a deaf charity and it was one of those I saw her across the room and I was just like wow like got to go talk to her and we hit it off right away. I gave her my number. We had a date like a few days later and it was all awesome and great. But there was I mean, that's only The iceberg of she also like brought up that she can never bring me home because I am black and and she wouldn't want any of her parents or family to know there was a lot of levels of how that girl just really I mean, I'm sure that other people you're lucky.
I'm sure other people have in your life at said this but I think you're better off. I'm sure I'm not the first person to uh to note that maybe someone who is discriminatory towards your your hearing ability and also racist to Big strikes. I don't know if we want to wait around to see what the third strike even is.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah. I mean it was one of those stupid like when I was back, I'm like, I don't know why I put up even with that first moment. I should just like walk done, but I don't know when you I fell hard for her. Like II definitely crate. It's not like I told her like Viewers something right away, but you know and you're seeing someone and you just had that gut feeling this is for the long road. Like I was feeling that for her and so it's just it was a big bombshell. But she also once we were done it just screwed me up in the sense that I felt. Like I really never knew how people actually felt about me. I became really self conscious about how I present myself and how I look and I noticed it effects like my deaf identity like I used to Please be proud and then I started pulling back in this.
I don't want to use the word shameful. But in this I just felt uncomfortable just because of all of what this one girl did to me, but I'm really lucky in that just saying. Oh, yeah, she's way out of my life. I've run for that situation. And I mean I'm now happily with a fiance and we're doing great and she's not racist or against deaf people. So that's what's up.
Is your fiance's your fiance hearing impaired as well?
Yeah, she's deaf.
By the way. I'm not saying you're arrogant. I'm just sharing cuz I like to inform but saying hearing impaired is actually more insulting because it's saying there's something wrong with you. There's nothing wrong with saying test that's like that.
I'll tell you I was Sitting here patting myself on the back the whole time feeling like I was being very sensitive and here I am put my foot in my mouth yet. Again with this goddamn podcast is cut. All right, I'm okay, and I've said it about 85 times and you've just sucked it up each time and then with seven and a half minutes left. You're like yo fuck off on that.
No, I I took the baiting and I that's the thing. I didn't want to say anything at first because I was like nah, he's a good guy. Like he's not saying it but like I also was like that's not the Focus right now. I talk about something else, but then I was like, this is a good I'll just put it out there. So just to the world they say deaths a hard of hearing. Those are expensive the people that are that no, but when you say hearing impaired you make it sound like there's something wrong with them and there's nothing wrong with with being deaf or hard-of-hearing.
Yeah.
Well, I'm sorry about that. I had no intention of offending. I'm glad I know now that I put that phrase in the Put that phrase in the trash pile. Yeah, no, no need to apologize. I'm just forming know like trust me you like.
I mean, it's still using like government forms and shit like it's not really you it's just Saya tea I guess this goes with the like ignoring. The Daphne's in the Sun that Society still has that intact like textbooks and research and There's will have to govern for in the daad like a Disabilities Act. Like they still use hearing impaired. And even though the deaf Community has been very loud. Thanks. Don't do that.
Alright, well considered on on my end and I bet a lot of other listeners that there's a lot of theropod a lot of people listening to this right now who I think are probably because again, I would think that the large majority of the people consuming this podcast our our our listeners are people here.
Hearing it. I bet there are a lot of people who just started giggling going like oh get there. You just let you just put your foot in a pile of shit. I bet there's a bunch of that right now people go on. I'm glad I'm not that guy. So that's it deaf hearing impaired done out of there. Hey, I have a question you'd so so I know they're one of the things that I love about podcast is there I think there's a lot of podcasts focused on different communities, you know, you can find stuff for our are there any are there any Equivalent, like are there podcast for the deaf Community? Are there are there audio podcast video podcast is there is there like an equivalent medium Iris an equivalent is there's a lot of like YouTubers and there's different styles.
There's like comedians there's informative types of that. So yeah, if you like most of my podcast It's more watching. I watch a lot of videos inside like I mean, there's like news and sign and stuff. So but I I mean, I can't say a hundred percent sure, but I'm like 99. 9% sure. I'm probably your only deaf listener on your podcast or watching your show.
Yeah. I mean if there's one thing about the Chris gethard, It's not always the smartest show. It doesn't always make the most sense visually, it's always pretty impressive. I'd like to think I agree with that. Yeah, definitely a lot of that is because when we were on public access the show was so bad and nobody really watches Public Access anymore. So my director was like we need to make this thing look as insane as possible. So people might actually stop and wonder what's going on here.
I see that hey, I mean at least he made it that far. Yeah process even if it's you know the shit show going on.
Oh total shit show most high God.
Hey, I have a question. You mentioned that you you have the episodes of this show transcribed and then you read the Mac. Is that is that a service you're paying for?
No, no, I I got access and that I luckily no one around me at work is no sign at this level so I can say I actually use my work all the time to get them done for me and honestly the cool just so you know, there's a lot of people.
That work as like translators asked me to send them their next assignment because they want to do it cuz I send them a lot of like hot like I do a lot of podcasts like including this one. I'll also send it in like this American leg see y'all missing and murdered which I know is make me sound like a psycho, but I just find that stuff fascinating.
Yeah, and I use a handful of people who I rotate. You them because they say they I mean think about it I get to sit and listen to his podcast and just type them out and what a fun way because really what they're typing out is more like college-level like lectures or like a work meeting being written out for some of the stuff and that so it's on the way more fun material to work with so I would have to imagine is there is there I want to look into I would have to imagine that there's probably I could probably step up and do that.
I could probably be paying a transcription service on my end to get these episodes out there. I thought I would like to do that that seems like easy enough, right?
I mean if you're interested in doing it sure. Yeah, that'd be awesome. I mean are just take away at or I do once a week.
So my point would be that maybe then it could be something that extends Beyond just you a dedicated podcasts consumer listener. I'll say listener regardless of the fact that you're reading. It I think that that's fair. I would like to think that maybe it can go beyond just a personal favor to you and maybe that other people in a community that doesn't have access to this might now have access to it and and feel included.
Yeah, I absolutely agree with that. So go for it and if you are able to get it in written form, I promise you I will spread the word through the community for you.
That would be a very Chris gethard moment. Wouldn't it if it was like who who Who's the biggest demographic that likes your podcast? So actually my podcast is huge in the deaf Community. That's like all that's a very gathered thing to be able to say, I would love that. I would love to become the number one podcast in the deaf community that I Like that really fits in with my overall body of work.
Hell yeah, that'd be awesome. I mean we're is a larger population than you probably realize and why not do it pays the bills and you got bands and had be awesome.
I am into it. This is we have we have about a minute left. I think if we want to thank you. It's been so fun. And you know what my favorite thing about this podcast is I have talked to so so many people from so many walks of life and it always I know I quote Morrissey too much on this podcast. He has this quote I love which is there is no such thing as normal and that's like been the most eye-opening thing about me doing this podcast every single a person. I talked to totally different corners of the world different life experiences. Everybody's just like trying to get through the day trying to get over the heartbreaks trying to throw down do the thing.
Yeah, it's fine.
We're all the same really at the end the day you want basically the same things. We just go different ways of getting there. By the way. Is there anything you want? My interpreter? Say something?
Yeah. No, that's unusually, that's let's spend the last three seconds knowing it was so nice talking to you. Thank you for filling me in thank you for correcting. My ignorant language. Thank you for telling me what your life is like really a beautiful conversation now for the last 30 seconds. Let's everyone listening understand you are no longer speaking for yourself, but Fact forcing a translator to say whatever pops into your head as punishment for being blackout drunk one agreeing to do this.
Okay. Oh man. Now I don't even know what to make this a part bananas potatoes losing control.
Bananas potatoes call her.
Thank you so much so much that I mean everything that was a conversation that since the second I had it. It really rocked me. I kind of never stop thinking about it I feel so. Lucky and we're recording this outdoor weeks after the fact that I'm still reeling from the color that I think so many people, you know that there is a chance there is a chance, who knows who knows I don't make any assumptions, but who knows you could be the only actual deaf consumer of this show and that means that tens of thousands of the rest of us just got to hear your perspective and and I feel blessed you lucky. Thank you. Thank you for sharing and for everybody listens man, I think the main thing people keep talking about why they like the show is they get to empathize with Human beings who live different lives in that and we just got that chance of such a huge beautiful. I think you calling and thank you translator for rolling with the punches having so much fun with it. What a beautiful thing you do and help others. Thank you so much. Now very important thing.
This outro is gonna be a little longer. Look that's all heard. I was bit laughing really hard that call it made that interpreter say the words fart banana potato and I don't I don't think you can a nailed it more. I think those are the three words that needed to be said and I mean I was asking about this for days and then I started thinking man with some mortalized this far.
Banana potato so Earwolf. There's a super talented artist. I'm team Aaron Nestor designed a beautiful poster beautiful poster and it features those soon-to-be famous words part banana peel in sign language form. It shows how to it shows you the methods on how you can say the word fart banana and potato and sign language poster now exists and get it a pod swag. Com / beautiful. Here's an important thing. No, I'm not making any money off of this thing. Okay, that was a fun conversation.
It was cool. It's heartwarming to know that this guy was getting episodes transcribe. We need to be paying for that. We're getting anybody else been some here's what we're gonna do. I'm taking all the proceeds. I would normally get from merchandise. All the money that I would make them disposed to use that money to get more episodes from our back catalogue transcribed going to go for it going to go big.
In fact, we've already got three of them that you can download in text format episode 1 Ron Paul's baby because the big one a lot of people got started on that one feels like that's the first one put out there episode 51 made out with my teacher that got tons of people talking. I felt like that was an episode that the whole Community really rallied around and Like wow, this is like a slice 11 of gets here before. Those are already transcribed. The third episode can get is the one you're listening to or perhaps reading right. Now. All of those transcripts are available on the show page for each episode. So you can download these transcripts and look these posters going to sell them and the more money that we bring in from them again.
I'm not taking any profit the more money that comes in the more we're just going to get transcribed. Hopefully we can go get all of our back catalogue transcribed and then maybe we'll have money left over to keep going and transcribe more in the future. I feel like it's just a cool way for the Community be able to support this episode support this idea and walk around with a pretty specific cool piece of art. So I'm telling you. I'm looking at a copy the poster right now. It's big.
It's cool. The colors are great and nailed it with the Art. Thank you Erin. You can frame this thing good conversation piece in your man cave or maybe over your dining room table if you come from a cool family, who knows but you check this thing out. I'm not making money on it. All the money goes towards transcribing our episodes so that any other deaf listeners can consume them at will lll and not have to jump through hoops to do. So it was eye-opening to hear from our listener. Thank you for putting that idea on the table and and giving me the opportunity to try to step up.
So check it out pod swag. Com / beautiful. You get your official fart banana potato poster. I do just really enjoy seeing it get your official fart banana potato poster at pod swag. Com / beautiful limited-run get online get one. Now, you're helping a good cause you're getting a cool thing. So go for that in the meantime want to thank Many people Jared O'Connell and Harry Nelson Always in the booth killing it and this week in particular. I think really did such a great job want to thank the Reverend John DeLorean Greta Cohen while build this show from the ground up shell shag, because all our music she'll shag Are Beautiful People beautiful artists do support all the stuff that you do. If they ever come to your town you go see him live one of the best live shows and punk rock everybody you like the show you rate review subscribe on Apple podcast Stitch or whatever, whatever you're doing do it get it out there spread word. I'm lucky I get to do this. Thank you for letting me.
Me. Thank you. I'll see you next time.
Detour is an app all about not looking at your phone and instead looking at the world. They've got a hundred and fifty immersive audio Walks from Radiolab Ken Burns and more. It's like a great podcast but it also guides you through the real world so you can check out some fascinating places. I think this is such a cool thing go to D tor. Com / beautiful take one for free.
Hi, I'm LeVar Burton and my new podcast is LeVar Burton reads in each episode. I will handpick a Piece of short fiction and read it to you will dive into work from all different genres from fantasy to mystery to Comedy and of course my go-to science fiction throwing a little music some original sound design and each story will be a whole new adventure in the first episode. I've chosen one of my favorite pieces called Ken by Bruce McAllister.
It's a great story about a young boy who contacts an alien assassin in the hopes of saving his sister's life.
Here's a sneak peek.
The Voice asked in the boy almost looked up it was only a voice mechanical snake-like halting he reminded himself by itself. It could not kill him a man named James Ortega mumbay the boy answered.
The word hissed and the stale apartment are he is going to kill my sister.
I hope you'll join me for LeVar Burton read subscribe now in apple podcasts Stitcher or wherever you listen, and I'll see you next time.
This has been an Earwolf production executive produced by Scott Aukerman, Chris Bannon and Colin Anderson for more information and content visit Earwolf. Com.
Have you ever needed a doctor late at night or when you're traveling tell the doc gives you 24/7 access to board certified doctors anytime anywhere for non emergency conditions that are board certified doctors can diagnose treat and prescribe medication when medically necessary tell the doc is available through most insurance or employers at $45 or less of visit download the app today or visit. Tella doc. Com stories to register today. That's T, EA lady OCD calm / stories
A mother calls in from a childrens hospital while waiting for her daughter's test results. Gethard & the caller shed some tears while discussing tragedy, sickness, pain and suffering. But its not all sad. Birthday parties, gelato, Disney World and other awesome things come up. This episode is brought to you by Talkspace (www.talkspace.com/beautiful), Redbox (www.redbox.com/games code: STORIES3), Casper Mattresses (www.casper.com/BEAUTIFUL code: BEAUTIFUL), Book of the Month: Bound to Delight (www.bookofthemonth.com/STORIES), and ZipRecruiter (www.ziprecruiter.com/BEAUTIFUL).
Hi, it's Chris gethard. I notice you're about to listen to one of the back catalog episodes. Beautiful Anonymous. Just wanted to let you know the episode you're about to listen to was actually someone who we also did a follow-up call with in our new series beautiful follow-ups. So when you're done listening here, if you want more from this collar, check out beautiful follow-ups and you can find more school's out for summer baby.
School's out but he's looking for something to do. Everybody's looking for something for your kids to do. Well red box has the video games to keep everybody entertained with over 40,000 locations nationwide. You can rent and return anywhere better yet. You'll get a free one night game rental from Red Box when you use the promo code stories 3 the number stories 3 you swing by a box in your neighborhood or if you want to make sure the game you want. Is there when you arrive reserve it online at Red box. Com games software is valid through July 25th, 2017 subject to some additional terms charges apply for additional nights payment card required, but Getting into video games has never been so easy.
Today's Show is sponsored by talk space the online therapy company for as little as thirty two dollars a week. You can work with an experienced licensed therapist hand-picked just for you on talk space. You can send text audio video messages to your therapist talk about your life or do what's keeping you up at night work on feeling a little bit happier. Whatever you need. Everybody knows I'm a big advocate of therapy.
Whatever way works for you get into it. I'm all about it sign up learn more go to talk space. Com slash beautiful show your support for this podcast use code beautiful you get $30 off your first Month, that's beautiful at talk space. Com slash beautiful.
Hello to all the other egocentric gelato lovers out there. It's beautiful Anonymous one hour one phone call. No names No Holds Barred everybody. Welcome back to beautiful Anonymous. It's Tuesday other episode phone. Off slice of humanity delivered to your ears. So happy that you guys are listening. Thank you so much for taking a chance on this show last week's episode.
We talked to our opera singer friend in married a man day. She met him reaction to that was very touching. If you ask me a lot of people saying how strong they found that caught a lot of people feeling like that collar is very resilient and inspiring and it was a beautiful thing to read all that feet the Facebook feedback all that feedback in the Facebook group. Beautiful anonymous group. Thank you guys for leaving that. Thank you for supporting last week scholar and I don't want to talk too much up top this time because I'm going to tell you something the call you're about to hear trigger warnings always necessary sick. Sick kids got to watch out for that.
But most of all, you know, what usually what happens is this I'll let you guys in on some behind the scenes stuff at beautiful Anonymous. Here's what usually happens is we record the episode to the intro and outro but that intro is just a placeholder. Is what I like to do is come back a little closer to when we release the episode talk about what's going on in my life. What's going on in the in the Facebook reaction what happened last week this and that tie it all together.
So that that intro is just there temporarily so that if for some reason I can't get back into the studio we have an intro, but I just want you to hear the intro that we recorded at the end of last week's call because I think the tone of it matches what happened that day this call ripped my heart right out of my chest.
So let's let's just get into it.
Hey everybody. It's a Chris gethard here and just got off the phone with someone who is really strong and really beautiful and who's living a very hard life. And as you can tell I'm very affected by it should put out there a little bit of a warning for anybody this involves sickness and kids and that's a tough one for a lot of people so brace yourself if that is something that triggers anything in you and most of all.
I don't have too much to say up top, except I just said I'm sending so much love and so much good luck to our caller today. Enjoy the call.
Thank you for calling beautiful Anonymous a beeping noise will indicate when you are on the show with the host.
Hello. Hi, it's Chris. Kahui. Yeah, no way. Yeah. No way. Yes way, it's me. You crazy. It's price. That's funny. That's so nice that people say that but from my perspective, it's not that it's not like I'm just a dumb my gosh. I know I just listened to you a lot. So you're a little bigger than I've had a lot of Patients with your my head, that's nice.
That's nice.
You know, you got me at quite the pivotal moment in my life. Really? I'm actually at a hospital Children's Hospital waiting. I got here early because the traffic and I'm waiting to meet with my daughter's oncologist. About her Sam that she had last night. Oh, wow that I'm nervous. I can imagine. I've never met you and I'm nervous and anxious as well. So you're like in a waiting room right now. Yeah.
We just are sitting out by meeting you and your families your daughter there or my husband took me. No, we didn't bring her to this one. This is actually the first time we didn't bring her along because it was it's a really and she yeah, and there's not much didn't need to check her of a to see it's a if it's the news so I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry you're dealing with that. Yeah, and imagine. Yeah, it's quite the journey. It's Not it's not an easy thing and and waiting to find out about these scams. That's probably the hardest part.
art, so you can be a therapist for me for the next I can't however long I can't be a ther I cant be a therapist by a long shot, but I distract me how about can distract you I can be a shoulder for you to lean on I'm very happy to step in and do that and I can try to yeah try to distract you and as a comedian I can try to look for a couple laughs although I can't imagine a call where that wouldn't maybe be less appropriate.
That's always my an appropriate. We actually we've been doing this since August 2015. So wow, it's just part of our life and we've learned to find the joy in the journey and and find the laugh along the way and your podcast has helped for sure. That's super nice to hear lots of that's true and I'll be That's a was listening to it. Last night is a was driving home from discount that she had last night. So it kept me entertained for the our drive home swingers episode. Thank you swingers on after a rough night the top of your birthday episode last night. Happy birthday. Oh, thanks. Yeah. I don't know when I mean it was just when I listen to it. It might have erred. No, it's sweet back in May, but that's okay. So this has been going on for Two full years. So your daughter first got diagnosed two years ago.
Almost an August will be two years ago. She was diagnosed. Wow, and how old how old how old is he good? She is 10 now. So she was eight when she was diagnosed and the 10 months of really intense treatment and then had six glorious months or we got to take a breather and then And then we're back at it and December or yeah, December the December 2016 and can I get it back? So can I ask what what the dying diagnosis was?
Yeah, it's I'm sure you haven't heard of it. It's called rhabdomyosarcoma. It's one of those rare the soft tissue tumor in her head not in her brain, but in her head so sinuses and and yeah, we've we first found out because she had paralysis in her the right side of her face at all that came back. Geez.
He's had a lot to really attend more good days and bad days. And we really just focus on those. Thanks for waiting. Yeah up this that's brutal make it through. That's yeah. It is really really hard. Yep. Definitely but really cool. If you it's up to us to find the total community of love and goodness that has just you know, So much love yesterday. We were actually we got 7812 the top high school football stars High School football quarterback than me.
They were lots of attention and love and that was really sweet and cool. We just went to Spain a couple months ago through this organization that that likes to do Adventure therapy for kids and her situations and how is amazing. I mean just so many amazing opportunities and memories that we've had so I've never there's a lot of good in the world for sure. Yeah must be there must be if there's any small Silver Lining. It must be it must be nice that you get to see, you know, good good-hearted people at their best.
That must be a nice. Absolutely. I mean I yeah, I can still be entire hour with story after Story of ways people. I won't but I couldn't I mean that's how amazing and it's so nice with all the crap that goes on in the world and all the awful stuff that we see in here. I daily I get to see someone reach out to a total stranger all the time total stranger, sir.
Reach out to us in love. And in fact, I have to tell you my daughter the very first week. We were in the hospital. This is still eight year old had this big list on the Whiteboard of all the things that she had to go through that week. Cuz when they first get diagnosed they have to get all kinds of tests then to in the city this big list and and she also on a whiteboard that people had written knows we love Holly and you know get better just little cute notes on it and then she wrote totally at a time. I didn't even know I don't even know what she did it, but I looked over at one point and then she'd written love is everywhere on the board. And that's just become our Mantra and helped us.
I mean she she writes it everywhere and people it's the sorry are in fact our her Elementary School made a big on the along the fence tibe. You pink ribbons and says love is everywhere. So it's really amazing community support and and love so not all bad. I'm going to spot a hard but not all bad. I'm going to say doing the show for well over a year. I haven't cried yet and this one's going to get Get me I can feel it already can feel it already love is everywhere. It's already going to get me.
Yeah, there's there's a lot of good in this world and it's good to remember that sure is sure is specially as we spend all our time fighting on Facebook now and getting mad. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah opinions politics and it's nice to remember the end of the day. It's humans. Do want to help each. There and it's time that it when you're in times of need. Yeah.
And you know, I just don't even have energy for all of that kind of crap because I can barely We focus on what we have what I'm dealing with and it's it's good A lot of times. It's nice not to have to be involved and so much of that stuff. Yeah. Yeah focus on what did you can yeah, that's a really beautiful reminder to a lot of us. I'm sure myself included.
It's true. I've been caught up a little bit I think caught up lately and a lot of things that do not matter as much as as as trying to do good and tell the people I love almond and it's a good reminder for me. Yeah, it's been it's been good. It just helps me to keep focused. I mean at least in my own life what matters and where I need to put my energies and yeah also have to imagine we Here's a thought I have and I wondered because I have not been through anything close to what you're dealing with and my heart does bleed for you and and goes out to you think yeah.
Here's the thing. I wonder is there. Must be something to be said for you must know. You must have learned more about your daughter then most people do by the age of eight by the age of 10. You know what I mean? You must know absolutely. Absolutely, you know, I actually have five children the same number for that five kids.
So that's the whole that's a lot to just telling us all that but it's been interesting just the different relationship I have with her and the different connection I have with her. Love them all obviously in the are important to me, but but it's different for sure. There's no denying the watching. Someone go through what she's gone through and seeing her strengths and her and plus we're so connected. We're just together always and I'm always helping her with all the different things that she needs. And and so yeah just watching her I mean last night.
I'll try and keep it together this episode but no guarantees. I'm pretty much not see same copy.
So we come to the top of the hospital she throws up in the hallway and we're walking into the MRI the person that's putting her she has a port that's where they accessed her for everything they do so because they're trying to access it was someone that just I don't know if she'd ever even access to Port before a child support and we kind of didn't know what she's doing is so frustrating and try to get it in and get it and it kind of pushed around just kind of herder and then we have the way there forever so she could call someone else to do it and then they can't get her on the machine. She's used to be and I'm shoot at least 10-12 MRIs and and always on the same machine and they couldn't get around that machine which meant you couldn't use, you know, watch the movies that she normally would be able to. And it took even longer so it's like 45 minutes in this case drive and a weight. She has the mall without sedation. So she's covered her heads kind of locked in and totally trapped in this machine for the provide machine for 45 minutes. I mean too much for a little ten-year-old to go through and she just comes get them out of there after it's over and we go to dinner and we laugh and play and and she acts like it was nothing. She's just it's just absolutely amazed.
In what kids are capable? It's been she's my hero amazing. Yeah, that's she doesn't even realize how tough she is. No, she doesn't know I tell her all the time, but I don't think she gets it. She doesn't get get up in a port when you say which is all real kind of a beautiful thing for is like they set up like it is that like so they set up I can access point that's semi-permanent so that don't Have to keep in mind like making invasive right and it's in her chest. Okay her chest.
Yeah, so it's just goes into one of the arteries put this more of a direct line. So yeah just it just makes it so that she doesn't have to get IVs ever and she yeah, it's because she is being poked on a regular basis. It's just part of who she is. Yeah. Yeah, we have over here almost every week in the hospital.
Now your other kids here. Here's a question. Yeah, here's a question. I drink because I'm sure I mean these your the four other kids. I mean, this is also a massive thing in their life and they have to watch their sensory. Are there moaning like yeah, there must be moments of pure joy and support I would also have two men like me and my brother would fight for attention. Like are there any moments where the other kids are like pay attention to me and It's just like hey, I get it but uh, you don't have a port in your chest kid in there must be some moment. Yeah.
No, absolutely we have so he's number four and number five. I thought like the part when number fight because he threw us for I mean clearly that in the first four must not have been that hard because we were up for having a fifth child. He put it put it to a separate quick because he is just a handful and has been since birth. He just has a hard. Kid and it's just kind of a little bit wild and and and so yes, definitely that it's been super hard for him and he she got like they have these cool organizations that help the kids out and she has what they call a chemo pal that comes and place teams that there was you get chemo and brings her things. And so she was getting away goes all the time and he loves Legos and it was the end of the world for him. I'm he had I don't think he had anything.
54 her. I'm pretty sure he doesn't he's just he's just he's just a matter of the time because she does get all this attention. So we have to be really careful with him that we show him the love that he needs and the attention and it was tricky because she got diagnosed right when he was going into kindergarten and he was he's kind of more of a mama's boy. He didn't want to go to school and she didn't have to go to school, but he had to go to school. And so and then sometimes she did have to go over.
She was sick. She didn't and so then he would want to be sick all the time like it was just too. Wow. And how old is he that great when he could even think he is now seven does just finished first grade. So he wants he's the youngest kid. He wants all the rights that come with being the youngest five. He wants to be Davey my family and I have I do have to ask me all the time. Do you want to have chemo do you want to I mean we do trying to get clear, but I totally understand who can't get it. You just can't thank you little to get any to you. The pretty self-absorbed.
Will Kitty ways. I mean, he's a super sister that's older is the sweetest most like she write songs about how we're all in this together and we're going to were there for you and just be I mean, she just melted my heart went through this a few little song that she played on our ukulele and so sweet. She just pure gold and totally understands and then I have two high schoolers and they You get it, they're not.
Not I don't think their child is younger younger one is real pain in the ass that little guy is just a pain in the ass that kid that kid. You just have no idea because I know she's one of a kind there must be times where you're looking him in the eye and just like doing everything you can to not stay out of the things that are in here yet. Yeah, he's a little stinker welcome.
He's super entertaining for sure. He keeps Keeps us on our toes. But yeah, he tricky one that can for sure the short but he also won in years I bet he's the one who in 15 years gonna like sit down at your kitchen table with you and be like hey, so, uh, let's let I owe you an apology. Can we give me laugh about all this?
Because they just have to have hope I think he loved those kids like he's going to go one way or another and it's going to be extremely way or another. So we're just trying super hard to keep on the right path. Keep them, you know doing the right. He really yeah, he's intense even 10th series. We got a little little violence in them Allah and just in that kind of real he's intent, but I think he could be really intense in a good way if we can.
Keep them keep in that direction. So we're working real hard on it. Yeah, I mean if they're once again after anyone listening if there's one thing everybody agrees on its that you are a good and attentive mom. Nobody's doubting that well Batum. They have to see the every moment so they can be done. I've had my moment for a service charge.
Yeah, we're doing our best with that boy. I have a question. It's a little heartbreaking. Yes, but it's just on my mind. That's what you really And ask anything at all. That's of course. Yeah. I'm not trying to be overly apologetic. But I'd be a monster if I was just like I'll just say whatever I want and never check in with yeah. I know it's fine.
But like when you're when you're 10 year old kid so much of the Dialogue is like what do you want to be when you grow up? Hmm? Yep. Yeah, it breaks my heart. Honestly, I this is so little and so dumb, but just yesterday. She her sisters getting braces on July 18th in his super excited about have a big deal her older sister and and she has my the 10 year old has Can you break this and we probably could starting now what we can and so yesterday. She said to her. Well, I have to wait time in high school before I can get braces and just I mean, it's just a bit harder when she says things like that cuz her chances are not very high that she's going to make it and so, you know, I don't know that so every make it and I know braces don't like we shouldn't care about races but little things like that that breaks my heart but That among a million other things that she probably will never experience. So we live in the moment. We really it's if nothing else. It's taught us to Take one day at a time and find the beauty in that day and it's amazing when you do that how much you doing good? You can find around here. So yeah, it's heartbreaking.
Yeah, it really is you don't think of it like most kids.
Like beer, you know, that's like the nerdy stretch your life. That's like the heart like Braceface you don't think of that as something you like sit and pray. No, that's what we want for. I mean that's what's so crazy and things like that. But yeah, we wanted to experience all of it the bad in the good and yeah.
Yeah and when you say like she did when you say that chances aren't good to our doctors giving you guys timelines and stuff like that. Yeah. Yeah. So with her type of cancer when it comes back I really don't think there's a current cure for it. They don't have something figure it out when it does come back to then they just put them on trial and then you just never know with your trial if it's going to be the one and of course we hope and we know we're not done and we're not you know, what what could happen but so child child there's new drugs. So this is so rare there like what? Just throw a Hail Mary pass on every kid that we that has this just pray that this helps. Yeah.
Oh my God, so they I mean it's pretty fast. It's fascinating if it were my daughter I'd be I think it was even more interesting but I hate that she is a science experiment but they took her tumor and sent it to a lab and they actually they didn't do it the first time around but the second time they read the whole I don't know find very well, but they were able to find out what mutations were in her tumor and what was causing Which is an amazing that they can do that now and is the direction that cancer treatment is going where they just each individual to her gets its own reading and then it's on medications based on that and they found out the herds which was they never ever would have put the two together, but her Baxter actually have mutations that are common in melanoma skin cancer. So she's treating their she's being treated like shit skin cancer.
Or which has never ever been done to a child with her type of cancer. And and really I don't know that I don't know the other children are even being using this kind of medication. This is the brand-new brand-new being so high and that crazy. It's just it's a Spoke my mind. I would have been how it works. And I know go for it.
I can't already prepared for favorite. She had to sign I have this picture of her signing this Signing the form that said that they could try this out on Earth. It's crazy. It is crazy and I just step back and we went from on think I can't leave us my life. I can't leave us with my daughter's life, but it is and you just make the best of it when you come out so you have so yeah, she's just on this trial and we get guns every six weeks and we actually my husband and I took the images from last night's and scan and try to decipher what we could be grown or not. I don't know I didn't sleep very well.
Yeah, I can tell you that much. Yeah.
Okay, we're going to go ahead we're going to pause the show there and I know it's specially in an episode like this. I know nobody wants to pause for ads proud. Everybody's present. Wait what I get it I get it I get it but we got f is sponsors bring you the show it is what it is. Thank you sincerely to all of our sponsors who helped bring you these types of gripping conversation. So we will be back. Thank you guys for listening and few minutes. Check it out. Check out these things again. The reason we have to bring you these calls in the first place is because of our sponsors enjoy them and I'll be back with more calls.
Are you hiring? Do you know where to post your job to find the best candidates finding great talent can be tough thankfully with dip recruiter. You can post your job to 100 plus job sites with just one click then they're powerful technology efficiently matches the right people to your job better than anybody else. That's why zip recruiter is different unlike other job sites. Zip recruiter does not depend on candidates finding you it finds them.
In fact over 80% of jobs posted. Recruiter get a qualified candidate in just 24 hours. No juggling emails or calls to your office. You simply screen rate manage candidates all in one place with zip recruiters easy-to-use dashboard find out today. Why is it recruiter has been used by businesses of all sizes to find the most qualified job candidates with immediate results. And right now my listeners can post jobs on zip recruiter for free that is right for free you go to zip recruiter. Com beautiful. That's zip recruiter. Com / beautiful one more time. You want to try for free?
You go to zip recruiter. Com / beautiful paging all Book Lovers. Today's Show is supported by book-of-the-month book-of-the-month. It's a rapidly growing service with one simple goal to make sure you love what you read. They searched high and low for new books that you wouldn't have found on your own narrow down to the top five each month. Then when you choose your favorites, they ship them right to your doorstep with pricing starting at just ten dollars for new hardcover releases that usually cost 15 bucks plus anywhere else. Okay, because I'm on it is Eight value whether you get a book once a month or once the season the exclusive prices will save you tons. I just signed up myself.
It's fun. Just the other day. I got into it. I tell you I'm looking at the book. I'm going to think that there's multiple Section 5 Section 6 months. I keep going through each one. I'm like, I don't know which one I'm start with they all seem good. This is a well curated list where everything seems good. How do you even pick that's a sign of a good service right there when you really want to take your time sink your teeth into it because they're giving you so many good options just sign up. It was really easy easy to do to not not a very complicated process like some of these sites book-of-the-month bound to Delight get your first book for 10 bucks at book-of-the-month. Com stories.
That's book-of-the-month. Com. So that stories I bet I bet a lot of people are going to sign up for this one with start discussing it in the Facebook group. That's my that's my prediction book-of-the-month. Com stories.
Thank you again to all of our sponsors and help beautiful Anonymous exist in the first place. Now, let's get back to this very gripping phone call actually my husband and I took the image of from last night's and scan and try to decipher what we could if it's grown or not. I don't know I didn't sleep very well last night. Yeah, I can tell you that much.
Yeah, it's just like so when they when you say that they discovered this about your daughter's the mutations. Is it is it that Thing that now they know that and they might start checking into that with other kids sooner. Is that like? Yeah, I'm curious about that off the doctor today. I haven't actually asked that specific question, but I think that's kind of the direction that they are going to start going is, you know, just because because they love these curses rhabdo, they lump them all together, but really each of them is different their each person is different and each and so and they also So were able to test some of the drugs that they gave her the first time around on this of the tumor and it was totally resistant to that. So so all this chemo that she's been through with probably not doing anything and I think that's pretty common with with her type of cancer for sure because it is just so rare in there's not a lot of research done because of that. Yeah, and does that happen if they're doing like if they're doing trials on stuff? Does that also mean that they help?
Does that does that help ease some of the financial burden? We are insurance covered. It send we just have to pay. Yeah, we just had to pay our productive 'l that's incredible. So yeah, it is. Yeah, in fact crazy. We and my husband started a new job. So we had to start our deductible over again. We had to pay out of pocket up to our Max so which is 7,000 which its I mean, of course, it feels like a lot of money, but it's nothing.
Some other people have to pay or dads or what we have to pay without insurance and and scary with the new changes in in you must be you must watch that with a different perspective than almost anybody else anybody else. My daughter won't be covered for things. Like I don't know. I'm not I can't think about I am so this one so we had to play a few things against we call to order one of her pills that she takes and it was $3,000 for Or one bottle of bills we have to pay with our credit card three thousand dollars and you know will max out at 7,000 dollars and then and then we want to pay a dime after that but it just want two bottles of pills. It's crazy.
I mean, maybe everybody and there's a know there's people who get mad at me for being political on this show, but I do have to say there it is such it's just undeniably said to me that if your husband lost his job a couple of years ago that you'd have to pay that that is just there's something so Twit that's Twisted. That's so Twisted that that's okay two people agree.
That's twist I'm not that's when I mean, that's one bottle talk make that's yeah very in here all the time every day. I can't even imagine how much that cost. There's an alternate reality and you and your husband and your for other kids are Art suffering for life if that for Life. A lot of people do it's caused people to I can't I can't even imagine if we were dealing with that on top of the emotional stress of watching your child suffer and then having Financial we've been blessed with people reaching out like fundraisers. And so we really have not had to pay medical bills.
Yeah. Thank God pretty much at all, which is I know I know once again the business but we are Fortunate and we have an amazing Community not everyone has that a lot of people don't have that and it I really just can't imagine you not awful this can you say it like you have people fundraising and it sounds like the community is really stepping up. Here's a question. I have do you and your husband ever get a date night or is that just not a factor at least, you know absolutely really is a factor for sure. Yes.
Yeah, we definitely do. I like to go I'll meet him for lunch maybe sometimes while he's at work or I have a sister that lives locally who just had her own kids. She's actually getting married in a few weeks you 40 and finally found someone that she's at work. So, you know that she that she should get married too. And so that's super exciting. But until this point she's distant single and his lifts close and so she watches the kids and we've gone, you know will go away for the weekend. So yes, that's that's huge for me.
Yeah open it must be like When if you can find an hour where you're not thinking about this stuff that must be yeah, it's like the sun coming through the clouds, huh? It is. Oh my goodness. I can't even tell you we so she was acting up again in January. And I mean, we really don't know week-to-week how much longer she has and so she had in in 2015. We if you if a child is diagnosed.
Answer they get a Make-a-Wish trip. It's just like an automatic thing, but we were waiting until she was done with treatment and make you know, just we wanted her poor out of her kids. If they have a poor everything made of fever. They have to go to the hospital. It's just kind of a pain to use wanted all that behind us. And then we wanted to go take this Matchbox trip. And so we had a plan for March of this year March 2017 and do Diagnostic and in January and I just was so scared. We'd have to Kiss It Goodbye. We would she she wish to go to Disney World and we get you know, it's week-long the parks and Florida and so exciting the other kids were so excited and Just something we had been the elk gasket through it, you know something to look forward to and sending I could talk to her about when she was sick and and we would we would dream about this trip that she be able to take and so we thought that that was that we had lost that opportunity. But but luckily he was able to kind of rally. What was that? So you had to cancel the trip we didn't do the able to Rally she was we work the chemos around it and we went on this.
I mean, I just can't even tell you how how great it was to see her laugh and smile and play and we just forgot we just for a week we went and we just forgot that he had a problem and All right.
Now, that's okay. Yes. We love those moment. They're amazing and so much more precious then. Then they would have been other right, you know, usually when you take kids to places like that you're usually just surviving because they're crying and they want and I don't know they can be pretty miserable taking the five kids to an amusement park but we got spoiled with make a wish and it was just magic pure joy. I had a friend also had a son died of breast cancer was diagnosed with cancer and when so I kind of reached out to her when she was first diagnosed.
She's talked about how we your lows will be all-time lows and the highs will be higher than anything you felt and and that's you know, those moments are pretty amazing ties. So we've got some new experiences and so amazing memories and lots to hold onto didn't even character Step Up the Creek any of those characters step clicking.
I really kept I mean make a wish that's pretty who stepped up the house not like are you always going to have a memory where you're like, you're always gonna look back like Chippendale Chippendale solid and down now solidly did not even feel. Okay? Okay. Let me see give there is one goofy. You kind of dropped the ball for Make-A-Wish.
They were real sweet to her.
And you know Universal Studios Harry Potter World. Yeah, Treatise like gold. Wow, so you get the two screws on them. Yeah to firown' that you actually I got are you these kids are pretty spoiled. They have to go through a lot to get it. I was just tell my other kids who didn't go through much. I know it's hard to have six doing with cancer, but come on like they had to tell him many times that week you guys this is Reality don't think this is normal. We're never because we didn't wait and single line anywhere else and we went to SeaWorld no line on every Disney ride. You don't even sign up for Stevens Pass know anything's better than the fast path. I mean it was it was surreal treatment. It was pretty amazing.
I love that was too though. You're the fastest. If anyone doesn't know Disney World to get that to rides you get to pick the fast pass where you basically get to cut the the line. Yeah, and it becomes this weird that way. Yeah. Come here, sweetheart gamesmanship. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, the ultimate the ultimate fast pass is a tragic diagnosed.
I feel bad about that guys, but it was no it was it was awesome. It was an amazing trip and in like you said, we just forgot and This plate and we were just see this is a normal little girl and then we got back Sunday and Monday mornings. We was back in the hospital hooked up to IVs. Been come to poison crazy the contrast and that's a bad one.
Does it bad Monday for everybody bad monies are always bad. We have every week every Monday that for me, but sir, that's her chemo day. So we just know past them every single week. She gets chemo. She So we've gone through a bunch of different things initially. Yes, and then it was too much. We were she was too sick and we've always believed this, you know, we've always thought quality over quantity with this because what's the point of being pumped full of this stuff and having the miserable? I mean if I knew if they could tell me it would work then I would do anything and she would do anything but go where it's so there's so many unknowns. We've always fought for Pretty have a good life. You know, where do these in Baton?
So we backed off a little bit. So now we come in a little less. Yeah, but still like every other Monday still enough, but yes and yeah, yeah.
Sir, any yeah.
like knowing Hearing what you just said like.
Is there any they're like knowing you want more good days than bad hearing that you say maybe we take our foot off the gas on some of the treatments. So it sounds a little bit like you're yeah, that's That's a question. Like that's what we we my next conversation in 20 minutes or whatever. It's going to be with a doctor and if it's grown, I think we're dying. I think she's tired and we're tires and you know, they've gone to the extreme to try and find something that at that would be with hope of the work and maybe it still working. I don't want to be I try and keep this be it's optimistic as I can but it's hard. Sometimes it just gets heavy and definitely we've had you know, we we talk to her.
And she knows if she has some of her chemo she takes baby chemo pills. So she's always got it in her and it's hard for her to do that. But she knows if I die, I have a taking if I don't take them I'm going to die. I mean, she's really easy. We're all very open about what what's required in the her little life is on the line. She knows it and We Know It And and I think I can't I don't have any tips for sure just For me, you know, if to make her suffer and go through so much and she hopes that something might work when really there's just there's not a cure right now so and to she ever express anything like that like it. Did you have to hear stuff like that? I can't like does your kid ever say hey.
It's like this your kid ever expressed that.
That it's too much. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, yeah the pills that's heart. She's had they just taking pills and turn them all up again. And and she went through and October 2015. She had to go through three radiation treatment. So she's strapped totally like nailed green much into this mask on this table and that in itself was I mean that was the most traumatic month of my life and her life and in during that time, it caused so much inflammation in our throw in our mouth that she had Hills it could take at that time be literally could not go down because because she you know, she was so swollen and and kind of gagged up that and so that experience has made it. So it's just super traumatic for always if you felt so So yeah, she'll just have night for she's like I can't do it and I'm like right it's fine. Don't do it that you know, we just respect her we respect when she just can't when it's too much. We totally respect that and And if she were to tell me today, even if the results are good I can't do anymore. I wouldn't for 100% respect her because she's fought long and it's not like, you know, the first time area is there's no wait. I would have made her see it through because their chances are higher. But with this time we were just I ask every day you want to keep doing the night every day, but often not keep doing it. You sure you got it in you.
She's a real fighter. She's a fighter for sure finished up her fourth grade year lunches many days of school. She could even cement she threw up in her classroom which happens you just sit still and all of it was are you sure you want to go to school the day you sure? Yeah. I got having this time. I need to finish and we see just to keep living life and we let her try not to ever we definitely not the parents that have her lay in bed all day.
Still learning how to play the piano and playing sports and she can she still have the knife.
Right crazy stuff Oh boy. This one got me.
Sorry. What if you're like, you're like right now if you like none of this is true. I made you cry, and then I'm not.
I wish I wish I wish I wish I wish all the time. It wasn't true.
It's so true though. It's true life of a little ten-year-old girl.
Tell you something. I can't believe your ability to just like. Talk about this and just tell me and tell everybody listening about all this stuff and like hold it together. Like all five of those kids are really lucky. They got a mom like you Oh, that's so nice of you. They are going to make them listen to this podcast, especially the teenagers. They need to hear that just FYI. You just isolate that we can probably isolate that clip for you can just play that up a little bit.
Yes. I'm going to my voice youth are going to they'll be like Mom why nobody should from like the famous? I mean, you're kind of famous the lowest ever.
Listen to it and they can do a crying man in his 30s. Talk about how awesome you are we talking about.
The amount of times in my career. I've had to apologize for being your crying man in his 30s. They are really I my 30s lot of lot of public crime. This is a headless take a break room here from our sponsors the ones who helped bring this show to the world. Thank you to all of our sponsors use the promo codes helps to show support our sponsors and we'll go back to finish off the phone call.
Probably heard about a certain type of mattress on a lot of different podcasts. You probably heard me talk about it. What's it called? Again? It's weird. I you know, I think I can't recall the name off the tip of my tongue because I slept so well last night that I'm still in that beautiful euphoric post-sleep Hayes where you sleep so deeply that you just oh, it's Casper. That's right.
It's Casper and I love it so much. I'll tell you something about me me and my wife were out of town recently. She was sleeping one of those Hotel Beds and she's like yeah, this is great. But I want to get home to Casper get me home to Casper. She doesn't even refer to it as the Casper or I Casper my wife refers to our mattress as Casper. It's a member of our household now, it has a name buying the Casper's easy your order online. It's delivered to your door in a compact box. It is a how did they do that when my wife opened our I was in Scotland. She FaceTime me watch The Box open is the coolest thing to watch this thing unfold it's available. While in the US Canada now the UK speaking of Scotland shipping and returns are free considering we spend one third of Our Lives on our mattress. It is so important to truly sleep on a mattress before committing.
That's why Casper gives you 100 night to try it out risk-free and I'm telling you my wife. This is a person of high standard. She said she never wants to sleep on another type of mattress again can hear the passion in my voice on this one you get 50 bucks off towards any mattress purchase by visiting Casper. Com beautiful use the code beautiful. That's BW that Casper. Com / beautiful terms and conditions apply.
Thank you again to everybody who sponsors this show helps make it happen. Now, let's finish off the phone call and they'll be like, why are you making us listen to a crying man in his 30s talk about how awesome you are we talking about.
I'll take it anywhere. I can get because that you don't get it from you kids very much. I'll tell you what. Oh, yeah, they're not they're not always very validating.
Yeah, I gotta know but no they gotta know in their hearts that your I think I hope so I think they're getting a little better but we have definitely had our moment. You know, what though? For sure. Here's something I know. So I feel as I get older right as I get older. I realized that one of the main reasons to have kids.
So there's somebody to hang out with you and take care of you when you get old. It's true and it's true. I bet when you and your husband or that English. Heads, I don't I don't are you going to have kids someday someday? Let's hope right. Let's hope they're worth it there right there so much work. There is so much work with their worth it when you and your husband are retirement age. My prediction is that your kids they take care of you better than most people gathered. They're going to realize what they got. Well as we all do them were older, you know, y'all do we all do a little going to take care of those kids.
We we definitely love each other but there's there's plenty of fighting that goes on in our house. Yeah, of course there is of course, there is we're pretty normal how yeah, how's your your husband's with you right now? He is he's just listening and he actually I am not on Twitter, but he I told him he had to get on Twitter so he could let me know if I would.
Exit Twitter whatever tweets all the time so he gave me the number. So we drove separately because you have to go to work afterwards as soon as we got out of the car. He's like just call in you just send it to you that call and and so I just say see here. Wow, listening in on the conversation. She's good guy.
Good guy. Yes, he's the best. He's the best. Yeah. I liked out.
Yeah.
Yeah, what else do you want to know?
Let's see. What else do you wanna that's kind of a loaded question in the middle of this one.
You said you said you're getting news in like 15 minutes, huh? Yeah, you really have been the best traction. It's been great. I was glad to distraction for NASA. Here's the thing. You want to hear how Petty you want to hear good? Yeah, I love stuff like that. I love hearing boring. I love it. No, so here's the thing. Right? I got the anxiety. I got the depressed my emotions. Notoriously not under my control and I get worked up about Scott and I've been real bad real mad for all day because here's how much you put me in perspective. Here's how much this call got me check somebody on Facebook yesterday. Yeah, because you were saying you're saying I'm famous and I'm not I'm not I don't think I'm famous. I think I am again your well, no no a strong. I can recognize now that I'm more well-known the HBO thing now, I can't deny. It can't pretend to be like mr. Underground punk rock anymore HBO. I recognize. Okay. I'm in the public sphere guy on Facebook yesterday sends me comment. Hey, man, my friend took a picture of you last night eating gelato.
You want to see it. I've been like fear as I've been Furious I've been up all day ever. Oh, yeah, you can't be mad about that. No, I'm not gonna be ever again after this school. I've been sitting out like I was hoping someone so weirdo took a picture of me gelato. That's weird. Nobody looks good. Gelato why I'm just trying to eat my gelato with my wife out on my date man. That's so messed up. This is the worst thing that happened in my life. And then you call me and you're like my my child has been my top child has been Superhero fighting through pain that no child should have to endure.
Hey, but I will see I still get mad about dumb things to ya cuz I'm feeling real Petty right now that I'm mad that I get to live in your city, and I actually No, but I hate that if you can just go on a date with your wife if I and have someone taking a picture that would drive me crazy. It's a second time. Someone's talking secret picture of me while I'm eating and as I have gotten more well-known figured out that that is my number one that creeps me out pet peeve other things going to keep happening to me. Why did I sign up for this? Okay life now, I'm not built for this. I've always wondered celebrities and how I mean, how do you just how do you go out in public? Well you go out do you try? And stay out of the public because that knows because I'm at a place. Like I'm now famous enough that people will stop me and it's all nineteen ninety nine percent of the time. It's very nice. Like even yesterday. I was on the subway this dude sat down next to me and was like, hey wait, you're just the other here on HBO like yeah, man, what's up? You say I really like your special. That was pretty cool that you put all that stuff out there. I'm like, yeah. Thanks, man, and he's like, all right, and I just went back to like reading my book. I was it it was just like sitting next to I could feel that.
Subway and and be anonymous and people don't know who you are. Here's the thing. I'm not famous enough that I will get recognized on the subway, but I'm not famous enough that I don't have to take the subway. I do not have enough money to not take the subway anymore. I'm still okay with that might change in your life who wants it to and I don't want to be a thing. I'm from Jersey baby. I never want to be that guy.
I don't want to be that guy. No, right. What's that be tragic? Oh my life. Tragic you telling me? Things go so wrong. How did I make it about me to the degree with that? You're telling me my love has any tragedy? That's sweet.
And I'm some fucking dummy who gets a lot of credit whatever it is jokes. Nothing about my life is tragic. Everything is happy. No, everything is Happy. The sun is shining. It's raining. Oh God. It's so impossible that that way every day though. Even when life is perfect. It's not I don't think it's how the human person was made. Unfortunately.
Yeah.
I get it.
So yeah here let's bring it back down. Let's bring it back down. I got a question that's on me. But I got a question on my mind. I feel like I have to ask him that I'm sure you think about so many times is that you know, here's what I'm praying for it and what I think everybody's in your way is that your kid fights through this again, and that the next time you you get past this it's not just for a year. That is fertile. I feel like that's what we're all praying for.
Amazing The Amazing. Would be amazing and that's I'm sending every ounce of whatever Karma prayer whatever it is every ounce of me wants that. I'm sure you've thought about it. Yeah, I'm sure you have thought about how you're going to react if and when it goes the other way. Oh, yeah, I mean, that's all I thought about all that meat. Yes.
Yeah. I know I can't I mean I don't is that your question? How can you tell what if they like nobody should have to sit around and write about that, but you have to It's that like I can't imagine you. That's my bike. And I think that's yeah, that's hardest part. And how do I tell her and I think that's what that is.
I don't go home today.
This hasn't worked. I don't have to do that. And I might yeah that might be my date.
I wish I was worried about someone taking pictures of me eating gelato with my yeah, I never complaining about anything ever again believe you will and so I got things that don't matter to judge doesn't someone probably the other kids gelatos so good. I'm telling you get to lot of today. I'm sorry Carol.
It's really good. My daughter and I were going to go get some fill out of there. Please do please do not even know if we have gelato out here though. To be honest. No ice cream frozen yogurt. Yeah that you can throw that kid gets Limitless toppings, huh?
Yeah and telling the other kids and telling seeing my I mean, I just a lot of it just the I mean we are we have it we can make a lot of people sad to me and I hate the weight of that just that. But there's a lot of people they're rooting for this little girl and I I don't want to get sad I want yeah, yeah.
Go hoping for good news, but you know, I'll be honest even the good news is still heavy because it still means she takes pills every night and every morning and she still has to come for chemo and she when we go camping next weekend. She still going to be sick and have to spend most the time. Just laying in the tent where everyone else From their bikes plane and Lake which is what she wants to do. So either way it's hard. So the best news you get right now is we get to keep fighting like that guys.
Keep fighting keep doing what we're doing which is hard we get to the best. Yeah, that's about taking care of us. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean it just yeah, this is like this tight. You said it was rhabdomyosarcoma. Was that what I wrote? On the tank guide. Wow, thank you. Say that again wrote it down wrote it down to be fair to be fair. I was gonna say this when they first told me I the for that first appointment which is possibly killing imagine.
He kept saying the doctor kept saying this word. I'm like, what are you saying? We say it again. I think I had him say it like five times and then finally on my queen, please write it down. I can't and then we had to I'm insulate your goals K. You say it rhabdomyosarcoma. So we're teaching our little eight-year-old you again. How do you say it? And it was just like this fun word that and then she finally got it right here.
It's kind of been an issue because it's such a crazy big long word. So good job. Alright your question. I was going to say like is this that you said this is really rare is this the type of thing that anybody listening who has heard of it immediately was just like like it's that type of thing, huh? I'm yeah, yeah.
It's a it's a lot of kids do make it's not like there are some I don't know how well, you know, I didn't know childhood cancers before this, but I know everything now so there's when dipg and that's the bad one. That's the one that they really just don't know. I humans of New York. Did I say that right? That's the yeah. It's a thing that guy to take pictures right on so he did a whole thing on Childhood Cancer and I loved it. Has he said lie so much and and kind of went into dipg. That one is the best sentence and it's just like a given but they're not going to make it rhabdo is You know, it's a 50/50 but leukemia is now like 98% Aunt chance that you can be cured with it wasn't 40 years ago, but now it is so so hopefully rhabdo will be the same as that some days where and does it give you any home knowing that like when they study what's going on with your daughter and when they find out things like that. Melanoma thing like that. Yeah, that might help get people there in 50 years totally. Yes. Yes. Yeah if yeah, I'm sad. She's Not be the one to make it and she might I mean, who knows? We don't know I want to talk for when we can.
Yeah, like maybe she's cured it and it will be huge her her her treatment will be be life-changing in the whole field of ever ABDO for sure and the doctors told us, you know, there's a lot of a lot of people very interested to see what happens with and we're kind of I think they are always super happy with us because we like this trip to Spain totally messed up the treatment and I don't think the doctor was very excited about us doing that. We actually found out on a Jews are the Saturday so she's had her birthday and of April and it was awful awful. She had the treatment we just we've been on this new treatment that new trial for about four weeks of this point and she her mouth was completely full force to the point that she could not eat. So she took you know, she's requested. I make them their breakfast on their birthday and she requested waffles with strawberries and Mm, and so I better breakfast and she just you know as she's trying to eat this one bites of waffle because it hurt her so bad and in the whole day was just it was awful like she ate maybe half a McDonald's shake for the entire day is awful. So all time low, like I think that might have been one of our hardest days and then the next day we find out there is this opportunity.
For a family to go to Spain, you know, the the tributary been planned for a different. It's still a sad story. Another kid that was supposed to go that wasn't able to go but they had it all in place and they were offering it to other people and and I was like, yeah, we will we need a breakthrough. This is too much. We I want to let me get a wait. Let me just get a break. So then we went to the doctor that Monday and I was actually super scared to tell him. We're like we have this opportunity and we want to take it and and and they're like, well, you're going to be off the trial if we do it and you know, they kind of pushback little they're super respectful and it's been they've been great to work with but but I have pushed where I could and and so we just took her off everything at that point give her a week to kind of start feeling better and then left the following Wednesday. So week and a half. I read it four of us. Do you have passport so that we went up to do an agency or able to get past for you? And And then we just went for that week and please and loved it and it was the best thing we did because we created memories and and she was able to you know, feel better from this and that helped us to see they're doing too much. It's too much we can't do everything they're asking and so we kind of push back on the we've called the shot for Ivan be maybe would have wanted us to but yeah, it felt like it's obviously obviously some part in the fight for Or for my daughter's happiness. So yes, as far as trials are concerned. There are a lot of people interested a lot of people that are watching what's happening. And yeah what the results will be. Yeah. I mean, that's really that's like it seems like you and your husband do a really good job of making sure like, it's doesn't just turn into a science experiment if been really yeah master I let's read books and I was in a book club with some friends and we read this book called.
Mortal and and it was a it was a game-changer. I needed to read that at that time because it's really helped me this time around just to know it's written by a I don't know how the book is written by a doctor who kind of deals with life and death scenarios and and he's very open about when doctors go too far and he talks about an instance in his own career where he is young mother who just had to be Baby was diagnosed with cancer and he knew that the treatment was not going to work, but he couldn't tell he couldn't tell him that and so he just came this treatment you'd let's try this was he's a through knowing that it wasn't going. You know that the chances were slim 4-0 pretty kid didn't have the heart to tell them that there was no hope there and they put her on this team old that meter terribly sick and and pretty much took away those what she could have had at the end of her life and I refuse to But that happened.
So that's right. We're always best in the big thing. Yeah, we're good days and bad and if it's not it's not worth it. That seems like like impossible decisions to make but holy shit is that like the definition of being a good parent situation though? Like the what a what a crazy thing for you and your husband have to constantly say what is right. What is the decision that is being a good parent right now? Yeah.
Yeah, it's pretty impossible. Yeah.
Yeah, somehow we made it this far though. Though. Yeah, and honestly had more happy moments. And then that that's incredible. You know, I think you can choose I think you can choose to a degree how much you let that be the case and and from the beginning. I just I I didn't want it to defeat us. I mean so many marriages they're broken from tragedies like this, and I just I didn't want I wanted to still have a good life and And for her to still be happy, I mean we have the full interview recently with this.
Cancer organization that does things for kids spend. They're just trying to get an idea of how they felt and what they can but more they could do and so I was kind of prepping her because she's a really shy girl and she doesn't like she that she likes to know what she's going to have to what she's going to be asked and so so I was prepping are they giving me the questions and answer some of the questions and after I think one of the questions is, how do you feel?
like the last time you were at the hospital, what were some things that you felt like what were your emotions and her first name was happy and we should let we have we have created magic out of tragedy and and and it's just like we make it a party when we come and she has this chemo pal that comes in during the games and she loves and she has to number 4 of 5 and and obviously would have kind of gotten Lost in all that normally but now she gets this one-on-one that she just absolutely loves and so for her really truly the overall.
Take home for her is its happiness? It's amazing the evening. Yeah, so we got about a minute. I've had a good life can be good. Are you kidding? I mean, I have to go talk one minute. You said about a minute and a half? Yeah, Mexico have that scary conversation now. Well, thank you. No, please. I hope you get really great things. Thank you for thanks for telling us and I really hope it I really hope it all goes well, and I can't wait either way. We're going to keep seeing the love. That's everywhere because I love is everywhere. Like you said that love is everywhere and I hope next year on her birthday. She's just eating her waffles.
Yeah, we're gonna go get our full rates and happy news today with some Froyo. I was a kid. Yeah.
Yeah. Alright. Okay good. Let's so much. Good luck to you sincerely. Thank you. Thank you. Bye-bye.
Call her thank you for calling very shaken up on praying that right. Now. As I say this you're getting very good news to end of story. It's so weird to think about that you're somewhere and I don't know where that is and you're getting this news and I know it's coming and you know, it's coming and I just didn't really praying that it's good. I'm really praying that it's very good lucky news and so much love to you and your husband and your call 500 kids all five of them.
Thank you for calling me. And your story thank you to Jared O'Connell. Thank you too. Harry Nelson who are in the booth? Thank you guys so much. All right. I think we're all a little shaken up. It's fair to say everyone is not in there in agreement. We're all everything everything. I could everybody and had moments. Not one. Thanks to the Reverend John DeLorean Greta Cohen help build the show in the early stays its shell shag for all the music every I always see people on the Facebook group asking and it always comes up who's next music shelf tech support them to the best. I don't know more about me getting out on the road Chris get that calm and gives a shit about that today. I've it's just it so I just wish I didn't even say you want to write reviews subscribe. Go ahead who cares or don't do it live your life. Tell the people you love that you love them.
Just tell somebody in your life today that you love them all to hide from it. Who cares about that don't I don't care if she read a review anything. It's use whatever prompt Cuts you the wound care. So I'll see you next week.
Once again want to let you guys know red box sets out their school's out for the summer you looking for ways to keep yourself entertained keep the family entertained red box has the video games to keep you entertained over 40,000 locations nationwide. You can rent return anywhere and you'll get a free one night game rental from Red Box when you use the promo code stories three stories and then the number three swing by box in your neighborhood or you want to make sure the game you wants there. When you arrive reserve it online read box. Com games. So offer is valid through July 25th, 2017 subject to additional terms charges.
Live for additional nights payment card required but look getting into video games. It is never been so easy.
Next time I'm beautiful Anonymous family drama strange vocations body alterations and even dead bodies, which is this one's got it all.
Long story short, I have a half-sibling who lives in my town who doesn't know I exist what? Yeah, maybe I should start at the beginning so chapter one. I am born. I'm conceived and really is my mom is engaged to this guy. Yeah, I grew up thinking. He was my dad, but he wasn't my real dad. It was my mom's former boss. I finally found out he has a family. He's married he Get a daughter then me then a son that's next time on beautiful anonymous.
Hello, I'm Tom Ryman. And I met that person and we're hosting a new show called cracked Movie Club. Yep, each month. We're analyzing for films from a single director and we're starting off with Steven Spielberg. We're basically aiming to do with this podcast is to make you the listener an expert in each film we talk about so each month. Like Abe said we're going to be picking a new director discussing one of their films each episode.
It's like a deep dive so you can show off to your friends our first two episodes from Iran. Thursday July 13th where we're going to be talking about Raiders of the Lost Ark and Jurassic Park. So subscribe now to hear those episodes the day they come up.
This has been a near wolf production executive produced by Scott Aukerman, Chris Bannon and Colin Anderson for more information and content visit Earwolf. Com.
An Aussie opens up about his familys history which includes tales of drug dealing, substance abuse, mental illness, sex addiction and trying to find God in a hot yoga studio. Something really special clicks between Gethard and the caller, and not just because Americans love an Australian accent. Recorded in front of a live audience in Baltimore, Maryland on June 11, 2017. This episode is brought to you by ZipRecruiter (www.ziprecruiter.com/BEAUTIFUL) and Book of the Month: Bound to Delight (www.bookofthemonth.com/STORIES).
Flight of the Conchords is now on Stitcher premium. How about that every comedy fan? All the cool kid cam offense? Everybody knows Flight of the Conchords is great the best here all six episodes of the original BBC Radio series that inspired their hit HBO show. It's laugh out loud. It's all series is available exclusively on Stitcher premium in the u. S.
I must listen for all Flight of the Conchords fence. Go to Stitcher premium. Com. / BBC used the promo code be a tour do that check out you get that great. Deal guys, you get a whole year for just a couple bucks. It's really not stick. It out--stitch your premium. Com such BBC use the promo code be a tour.
So you've probably heard of TED Talks, right who hasn't TED Talks is such a fascinating thing. Maybe you've even been asked to give one pretty big deal. But some ideas are too sensitive painful or even dangerous to share in public. That's why Ted has teamed up with audible to start a new podcast called sincerely X where you'll hear ideas from Anonymous speakers makes sense for all the fans of this show, right?
From the ex-con who thinks he can make prison more effective to the doctor who thinks her fatigue was the reason for a patient's death. You can listen to sincerely X now on Apple podcasts Ted's Android app or wherever you get your podcasts hello to all my new friends and I'll wander about forever beautiful Anonymous one hour one phone call. No names No Holds Barred.
Hello everybody Chris gethard here your old pal. Welcome you to another episode of beautiful Anonymous good day. Thanks for listening. Again. Thank you to everybody who's a subscribe listening. Happy Tuesday or whenever you're listening to this. You're not listening. They drops very very excited. About the episode and here we'll talk about that in a second first last week's episode.
We had the American Studies major. I went off on American studies my experiences as an experiment Studies major. I had a lot of fun seemed like you guys enjoy yourself many people made me laugh by pointing out that I was dragging on American studies consistently and yet I am doing a podcast that effectively serves as a living evolving audio Chronicle of modern American life that maybe I should shut my Yap and date that American studies clearly led to this specific podcast that made me smile as I was too dense to realize that also someone named Andrea made me laugh so hard on the Facebook group, beautiful Anonymous the community check it out. It's fun over 15,000 of us in there now and it's it's a real fun time people discuss the episodes. Andrea said that that she had some American Studies classes in the high school and said I shit you not one of the first assignments was watching the music video for Billy Joel's.
Didn't Start the Fire writing an essay on the importance of the meaning behind the video and it's representation of American culture in the 20th century bahahaha, which I also left that loud, of course, you can write a paper on We Didn't Start the Fire a modern feel each also got a late era Billy Joel song you're writing papers on I love that someone else also said they're writing in American studies PhD on the Chris gethard show which was very flattering and also as a very nice segue to remind you guys that the Chris gethard show comes to TruTV premieres on Thursday.
So set your DVRs right now help your buddy gathered out. You might like the show is very fun absurd as talk show. But if you don't here's what I'm asking you to do set your DVR season pass. Anyway, you turn on beautiful and honest put your influence in Press Play Let the episode play out. Help me out with those numbers. Anyway, do it up now this week. We got a we got our I'm put we're putting out a second episode from our live tour. I just went on the live tour you guys have heard a lot about it. If you listen to the show, this is our Baltimore show.
This is the last one we're going to put out on the stream. I think a lot of people have picked. You get Stitch your premium you get access to all nine of these things. It's like a living tour Diary of what went down and people are actually flipping out about this you use the code be a tour when you go to sign up for Stitcher premium be a tour you get a year not a month a year for like $4. It's an insane deal.
I've found people on the internet people who aren't even fans of this show who have found out about this promo code the Earwolf subreddit found out about it, and there's people are like what four dollars for a year. I don't get it. I'll tell you I don't get it either but let's all benefit from Stitches generosity on this one bah, or if you want to hear the rest of the Tour episode now, we're gonna hear the Baltimore one, which I will say the tour up is some people don't like the live episode some people any deviation from the format. I will say this. This is one of the most touching conversations. I can remember having you're going to hear some really tough stories. You're also going to hear me and a caller who just click on a personal level and I have not stopped thinking about this call since the day we did it. I'm sure.
But who is at the Baltimore show at Otto bar? Thank you Otto bar for having us. Remember this one? Well, this was a pretty magical call. Let alone the fact that the whole crowd locked into it Baltimore. It was such a beautiful show. Thank you to everybody came out beautiful city beautiful people and a magical night.
Thank you for it and enjoy the call.
Thank you for calling beautiful Anonymous a beeping noise will indicate when you are on the show with the host.
Hello. Hello. Hey. Hey, how's it going? Hello? Yeah, what's up? Yeah, what's up? How are you man? Pretty good. I'm good. I love your hold. Music. Oh, you like the hold music? Yeah. I curated it myself.
So fucking good. Wait, which were the standout tracks?
The Billy bride song the New England is like one of my favorite songs of all time.
Yeah, mine too. Mine. It's actually my favorite song of all time.
Yeah. Yeah. I think I might be with you on that for today for today.
That's cool.
Yeah, why not just for today?
Well, I'm glad you dug. Do I detect an accent? Do I detect an accent? My friend?
Yes.
I'm from the deep south from the from the deep south of the United States Australia.
So the you say anything about barbecue shrimp.
Okay, no, Crocodile, Dundee. D jokes for me. No. No. Yeah. Okay.
Nothing holding the line like you are Towing the line.
Hey, man, I was agreeing with you. I'll here's a list of things I won't bring up. I promise you I will not bring up Crocodile Dundee. I will not use the phrase shrimp on the barbie. I'll barely bring up kangaroos but no promises on that one. I will almost definitely bring up the duck-billed platypus because I need to know what's going on there.
Sound fair. Yeah, so you calling from Australia?
I'm calling. I'm in the USL until now.
Oh, that's cool.
Well, thanks for calling. Is there any anything in particular you wanted to get into or should we just let it flow whatever you want Michelle stuff, but I've got to say like I think it's important to me not sick.
You're late that hearing the way that you talk about mental illness. I mental health in your experiences with depression and bipolar arity has given me so much. Hope I remember hearing a talk you gave a little while ago and you articulated things that I could never find the words for so thank you for what you're doing really it means a lot to me and I think a lot of people.
Oh, thanks, that's awfully nice. That's awfully nice. Thank you so much.
I sure don't know. It's super nice. I do want to mention you just heard people clap at that. That's kind. I think you saw when I put out the Tweet. We're here. It's a live show. Don't be worried about it. Everybody here in Baltimore. Super nice. The only thing that's different is they can send me questions on my computer for you. So I might reference there questions outside of that totally regular episode cool.
That sound okay.
Great. Well, that's nice know. I'm glad to help I thought you know, I'm I'm I was very scared to put that stuff out there but people embraced the very warmly and hearing things like that is, you know part of why I felt like it was worth going for that. It might might clear clear some things up.
It's really magical I think about sharing your stories and that magical feeling I know from me when I hear someone searched shared the exact same Experience it's like fireworks in my veins and it's that magical thing of me to struggle with depression are constantly feeling separate and outside and alone. And when you hear someone spiked that like knife of Truth to your heart, it's like nothing else. It's the most beautiful feeling and I've got that from you so many times.
That's so nice. Thank you. And can I say that the use of phrases like fireworks in your veins and the knife of truth of your heart are truly flattering compliments. And they are only Amplified and their beauty by your Australian accent. I mean, I think Americans in general I think are very Enchanted by the Australian accent. I count myself among that number.
Thank you.
Well now we're both blushing. It's just a compliment parade. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's super nice. Well, I'm sorry you've dealt with that stuff to that sucks.
Do you know what man look like, you know, I've gone through it and I've given it a lot of that stuff in my family drug addiction and mental illness and all kinds of ugly stuff. But I have to say like in through my own treatment and my own recovery with those things. I'm really grateful for it, you know, all of those things that I've lived through have armed with tools for living and to help other people and I think through service I kind of have a sense of purpose in life, which is the kind of beautiful thing.
Yeah, that's super nice. I remember once there was a stretch and I did not do this. I should say I thought about it. It's not it it's going to make me sound bad that I got so into this and then opted not to it. It was a stretch when I was in therapy for a few years and I started telling my shrink. I think I want to drop everything and go do Habitat for Humanity.
And she said she's like that's when I know someone's on the other side of things because when you want to start helping other people, it's a real sign that you are pushing through your own you're on the tail end of your own stuff. So I think that thing you said service to others Yeah, and then you know, I went in the other direction and I just went and made fucking cash bro.
I just went made my own cash. I said it's not about them. It's about me. Yeah, the best thing I can do to help other people have a hip podcast. Probably just messing around. Yeah. I know and I'm on the same page as you I'm on the same page as you I got it, but I think that like what you know, like maybe you didn't go and work for Habitat for Humanity, but you did go and do comedy and you did do things like you're doing right now and I think we get to be a This was the gifts were given and yours was obviously comedy and sharing your story and that is incredibly helpful.
Probably better than you could have ever done with Habitat for Humanity.
You know what I mean? I mean having recently renovated two rooms in my house and screwed up every single piece of the responsibilities handed to me. No one needs me building them a house. I'll make the jokes. I make the jokes for the hard-working people that build the houses it may that's fine. This is a tangent but it's made me realize I do feel like and this is it.
Been said before but I do feel like you know comedy is a weird thing and I kind of feel like in the Darwinism since it clearly developed because weak useless men like me had to find some way that the strong people would give them meat sometimes so they let them go out and run to kill everybody and let all the strong women to every like one of the hunter-gatherer Days Every all the strong people strong men went out and did what they did with strong women did what they did and then the weaklings like me were like you guys seem tired.
Why don't you kick your feet up and I'll take some of the fruits and nuts that we gather today. Thank you for killing. Yeah, thank you for killing that Viking horde. And now what do you deal with that? But when you talk about ball sack, yeah, so can I ask you brought up that you've had some dark times and that you've gone on to go into service. Can I ask like you said you've been in treatment is that did you want to talk about I wasn't I'm not sure if you're just like complimenting me which is much appreciated or if you're opening the door to that conversation on your own.
Yeah, I mean I mean, I think we can we can get there organically but you know, I was born to two drug addicts, you know, both of my parents have struggled with addiction on mom was addicted to heroin from the time. She was 14 and gave birth to my sister while she was still loaded. So my sister was born addicted to heroin and my saw the but she's been clean now for 35 years, you know, she's in recovery a long time.
My father was yeah. My father was clean for 20 years. He was in prison for 15 of those. Is my entire childhood and relapsed though on meth and heroin 74 years old and my sister is doing a really long stint in prison right now. So there's a lot of this stuff in my wow, that is really heavy dark depression and I spent kind of waiting through the ugliness of what that programming of that trauma does to a person.
Yeah. I mean that is you got handed to I'm right out of the gate you got handed some things that that no one wishes on anybody and it's amazing that were even on the phone today. So that that reflects your strength. I will say this to not making a joke. There is something serendipitous about about your story and this call happening in Baltimore because I think it's a city that has It's been very famously ravaged by some of those things and and and some people have brought that to light on television and it seems serendipitous.
So did you ever fall into the judges? Did you ever fall into the drugs yourself?
I did. Yeah, and I think that I mean, I think I kind of think of my drink I'm claiming for years now. Wow congrats and I think of my drinking and using as kind of a sense of escapism, you know, I think that I was born with a really noisy like Narrative, you know, I used to call it the voices as a kid.
I remember having to draw a portrait of myself when I was in.
Best Day Ever and on my four-wheeler.
Wait, hold on you are me you're breaking up just a little bit older.
Hold on one second. Can you hear me? Can you hear me? I can't hold on one second Christian Justin. Is that us? Or is it him do we know it might be you? I'm not sure if you're moving or if there's an area that you know has better reception than another service where I am.
Service where I am dot dot dot less than 10 minutes and how good we were able to hear you for most of it and we were all gripped and every single person in this room wants to know what that childhood self portrait was. So if your call cuts out on us now, yeah that sounded a little better if your call cuts off and that's now this will be a historical tease.
For a loaded episode of beautiful numbers.
You're ready. Yeah. Now the yeah, there you are. They are welcome back. Welcome back.
So the student portrait portrait of myself and on my shoulder was this like little army. And the teacher asked me what's on your shoulder?
And I said it's the voices.
Which of course terrified her and I got sent to a therapist and mediately at like six years old. I'm always therapist said to my mom was like he's not schizophrenic. It's just being really cruel to Oh shit. I just said my name that's okay.
Well bleep it out. The only people who know are that people in Baltimore and they're gonna be cool about it. It's fine.
That's fine. Great. Let's make sure we put that out. Yes, we will but I think you know that there and I think it's kind of common for people like you and I it sounds like and that voice says things to me like you're ugly you're untalented and you've got no reason to be alive and it's just constantly going on and on and on and on and I think that a lot of my drinking was about escaping the noise inside my head, you know, Yeah, I get it.
I get it. I had my version of it as you say so drinking drinking was the road that you went down, huh bit of drugging it was sex addiction.
It was all cut whatever I could do is stop thinking about me I would do you know, and it was normally pretty subsume I self.
Yeah, and I mean I have to imagine that mean I have to imagine being in the situation with your mom. And your dad do you look back? I mean you sound like you sound either so Clarity in your voice now and there's so much passion in your voice now and it's beautiful. I have to imagine do you look back at it the thing that's breaking my heart right out of the gate is like as you I think we'd all I think everybody agree one of like the most unforgivable things is when a kid doesn't have a chance and it sounds like you were one of those kids and that has to suck to think about as you get older and push through this stuff.
My mom was probably supportive and wanted to give me the best opportunity that I could possibly have. You know, I grew up in a pretty wealthy. The area I guess in Australia purely as the pro from the proceeds of my father's drug-dealing which made it feel really unsafe and scary. But like I did get a lot, you know, I wasn't necessarily harmless as a child or anything.
Yeah, given the circumstances. I think I probably had the best opportunity I could have you know, and I found the Arts really young which was a perfect kind of place of, you know Solace from me in the mix of that ugliness.
I will say in the history of this show. I don't know if I've ever had a situation where there are so many things to talk about that. I don't even know which direction to go in. It's theirs. Where would you go? Where would you go like there's a part of me. That's like your dad relapse at 74. What was that? Like there's a part of me that wants to know.
How did you get out of this? There's a part of me that wants to know the fact that your mom was an addict when she had your sibling but then she was so supportive you that's also fascinating. There's so many Fascinating things. Where should we start? Also? What the fuck is up at? The Platypus is man.
I think that's the best place to start great us to it. What the fuck is up with the Platypus? No one knows.
So you guys can't vouch you got you it's not let's yeah, let's get this one out of the way before we get super heavy. Let's just not that not that we haven't read it. Let's take let's come up from are for the so even if so, it's not like it. Do you see like when you're an Australian you grew up in Australia, do you see a plan? Is that a thing? You see on the street? Like well, I'll see you raccoon from time to time where they're everywhere.
Yeah the girls they're everywhere you I walk down the street without seeing either a kangaroo or a puss is this are you making a joke and messing with me because I am a clearly ignorant American here or are they like a squirrel level of ubiquitousness?
I can't spend that work. Let's go with it.
Oh, you're going to make me wonder forever.
That's fair. Here's the thing. I want to start with. For real? How how and when did you get out of it after a family history? That sounds brutal. How were you the one that broke the cycle and congrats on doing that and not come with it that continues.
I mean, I think the how much I drank has I gotta stop using or lying or whatever.
You gotta I'm begging you.
Wherever the three yeah, wherever the three square feet are with the good reception no matter how contemplated we get. No matter how much you want to pace around during this call. Stay in the stay in the safe Zone.
Second awesome. So you were saying yeah, I think that would happen for me is not no matter how much I was drinking or using or excuse my language but fucking or lying or whatever.
I was doing to escape my mind. It's just stopped working. It was like the voices were getting noisier and you know the pain in my chest was getting bigger and bigger and like it just didn't work anymore. And I stay on my way and you know 12-step stuff and it really kind of changed my life and then ultimately therapy and all those different things which you know, I think I was looking for all along that's amazing and it's a someone here on Twitter was just asking like, did you have a rock bottom moment?
It sounds like what you're describing. Was that more it just kind of skidded and you couldn't find that Adrenaline Rush anymore. Did it's get it was the you know, what?
Yeah, like talking about your opinion on Alvin and the Chipmunks We bleep your name like no worries.
That's our policy. It will be bleeped. I promise you that. And I'm so sorry.
Here's the Rock Bottom for me. Great.
Yeah. Yeah, but if you don't want to share it anyway, you don't even have to do that who cares like you don't have to but if you know what I think I want to it's a good story.
I think it's important to share this stuff. Sometimes great.
So for me the way ended was that had this run of just drinking all day every day, very consciously trying to escape what was happening inside of me and it just wasn't working anymore. And so I I tried to kill myself. I'd made a pretty decent attempt at suicide and I woke up the next morning obviously alive in a pool of my own piss and puke and blood and the second I walk up and I've never been religious per se but Woke up and had this sense that God had intervened or something bigger than me Center vain because it was up to me. I wouldn't be on this coal with you right now, you know, if it was my local is my decision.
I wouldn't be talking to you and so I went I kind of had this deep sense of something bigger than me had saved me. So I went straight to what you do in the city that I live in to try and find God. I went to yoga.
Wow. Well played well played.
Yeah, and I was really still fucked up and I didn't find God there. I'm shaking and shivering the entire time and then I went I had sex with two people that day not my proudest performances. I went to Barnes and Noble and got a copy of the power of now and be here now by Ram Dass and I was reading through self-help books.
This is all in the space of a 12-hour period because something to save me like One last attempt and that night at like 11:30. I'm at home again contemplating killing myself. I'm writing a letter to my mom just saying look, I love you so much, but I just can't do this anymore. I've tried I've tried and I just can't do it.
I don't know what happened, you know, the specifics of the next part of this story if I typed two A's and backspace tour if a pop-up for American Airlines came up with the tailed says a a but something just it came to me that said go to on making and so I Googled it and it was 1/2 bullying happening down the road from the midnight and I thought fuck it. This is my last-ditch attempt. If I don't find a solution there, I'll just kill myself and I drove over there with the Shoal over my head and my socks outside of my shoes so that my footsteps were quieter and I walked in and this guy at the door said welcome. We're so glad you're here and I went inside and I just I just heard my Already and I felt like the same way that I feel when I hear you talk that maybe I wasn't so alone and that maybe I could survive this pain that I was living through.
I'm really glad you did and I'll tell you to the people in Baltimore to there's people right now. It's saying thank you for sharing this story. There's people saying this is so relatable. There's people saying that they are I want to acknowledge your here today. I'm so thankful for your vulnerability and your story. So even just right now during this live.
Taping I feel like you're connecting with people and and if if it when this does come online, I feel like you're passing that on so thank you for that. I also say someone is asking what yeah, of course. Someone is also asking what was it hot yoga what type of yoga are we talking here?
You know what things are getting tense and I think the most intense thing of all is wondering. Yes. What kind of yoga is he doing? So yeah that there's a valid Cliffhanger and that's Marks our first time for some Ed got advertising to help me bring this show to you for free. It's very nice of them to do. So check them out and use those promo codes helps the show you right back with more phone call.
Are you hiring? Do you know where to post your job to find the best candidates finding great talent can be tough thankfully with zip recruiter. You can post your job to 100 plus job sites with just one click then they're powerful technology efficiently matches the right people to your job better than anybody else. So why is it recruiters different unlike other job sites? Zip recruiter doesn't depend on candidates finding you it finds them fact over 80% of jobs posted on zip recruiter get a qualified candidate in just 24 hours.
So no juggling email. No calls to your office you screen rate manage candidates all in one place with zip recruiters easy-to-use dashboard find out today. Why is it recruiters been used by businesses of all sizes to find the most qualified job candidates with immediate results. And right now my listeners can post jobs on zip recruiter for free. That's right free you go to zip recruit a. Com slash beautiful. That's zip recruiter. Com / beautiful one more time to try it for free goto zip recruiter. Com, / beautiful.
Thanks again to all of our sponsors who helped us bring the show to the world. It's a very much appreciated now back to our live show from Baltimore, Maryland.
Someone is also asking what was it hot yoga what type of yoga are we talking here?
It was kind of more intense and Hot Yoga. It was like a traditional care can yodel where your chanting Krishna Hari Krishna? Like it's a very like traditional form of yoga. Which people take very seriously in my city and they're in my like detoxing and crazy and falling over and spasming and crying. I was a bit embarrassing they all had on very expensive yoga attire and I was there in my cutoff jeans and I love you signed t-shirt.
I love you so much. You're one of my favorite colors ever. I love you because here's why here's why and it's something I identify with so much is you you knew you knew you knew you're telling a story. It's sad. It's like a thing that we can hear the emotion in your voice. That is the saddest thing and then for you to phrase it that way and saying that I did what you do when you need to find God I went to yoga it is that thing of like what can you do but laugh and what can you do and that day that yeah that day sounds amazing that day that day that day when you woke up and you just want in this desperate Blitz that is like that it that was making my hair stand up on my arm.
You weren't you go to yoga you go you have sex with two people you try to find God. Via that you gave that I like that you gave that one a second shot. You didn't take a second yoga class you're in said maybe the sex thing is another thing to you go through all these different things and then it's a fucking typo that saves your life. That is a that's that's something else.
Thanks for telling me that I'll never forget that as long as I live. Or what would you say out of all the addictions you fell into was the one that was most do they all kind of push the same buttons was there one that you look back and feel is more dangerous than others in addiction wine.
Yeah, honestly, like I try not to get too wrapped up in like the substances I was using these days. So I think it's all the same and I think that like my let my lack of being able to be present for my life is really like the most dangerous part of it's all To the same thing as me not being able to stay still and miss Mom and accept it.
You know, I don't think that life is my problem. It's my response to it, you know, and that's been the thing that's been really dangerous for a long time. You know, I feel saving today. I find myself falling into dangerous patterns that aren't necessarily like going to kill me but are going to do damage. You know, I feel sad I should find someone to have sex with I feel sad I should you know, I get really rage for or whatever. You know, I think that like not being able to stay present from my life is the most dangerous.
This thing out of all of that stuff as I just miss it, you know, like one of my greatest dreams came true a couple of years ago and I was so stressed and so like anxious about what was going on in my life. I was constantly trying to get away from it, but I missed it this beautiful thing happened this amazing life long Dream came true.
I didn't have one second of like, oh my God dreams do happen, you know because I wasn't present for that moment, which is really sad to think back on and this is a specific.
This is not a theoretical. Call what if that happened and I was too messed up to realize it you were there is a moment you regret that your emotions weren't fully there.
I mean, yeah, I you know think Paul was a kid. I wanted to move to America, you know, like it was one of my first dreams. I had this picture that I drew of myself when I was like seven years old and I was holding something grain and my mom said what's the grain thing? And I said, it's a green card.
I've wanted to be in this country my entire life and I got a green card, you know, two years ago. My dream came true and I missed it because I was so busy being scared of the future and regretting the past but I missed what was going on, which was like everything I've ever wanted.
Yeah, that's brutal man. That's brutal, but you're here you're here. But yeah, and I agree I hear I mean you are saying some stuff that is actually rattling. Me in a way that I don't love because it seemed to say exactly when you were saying that same thing to of like, you know, you fall into these things and you and it you replace one thing with the other and it doesn't really matter which substance or which activity did it you're pushing the same button like that. I get that I get that people say to me to people that's why I always go so nuts people say to me like, oh like your comedy is like healing you and it's like know me needing the validation of a crowd was as unhealthy as my drinking at a certain point like the fact that I wasn't taking the fact that I wasn't taking medication because I was I was you know, 20 21 22 years old and I could go to New York City and kill in front of a crowd and I convinced myself that I wouldn't get that if I did take medication with such bullshit. It's like that same thing. It's that same thing you're saying of like we find it somewhere don't wait until we choose not to yeah.
Yeah, I will say suck. We're someone in the crowd right now just tweeted. That I think is really beautiful that they wanted to send you the message. It's not too it's never too late to celebrate that dream coming true like you get to still celebrate it you still have the green card. I think that's amazing.
Someone else is saying you soon. Yeah, go for it.
Sorry.
What'd you say now go I will someone else to eat it. We all want to go to Australia, which I also think is funny. Someone's response to you always wanting to come here get that skip it.
All the charm and the you are you are Peaks and valleys man your Peaks and valleys you get a sad that you make us laugh. I love it. I love it.
Yeah, you know, I certainly I think celebrate it one cycle. I went through it. I was going through a pretty major depression. You know when I was sober when I got my green card and I kind of missed it because of that and since then I have actually I've had like a really beautiful party to celebrate.
That moment I'm like I'm doing more of those kind of things celebrating what's going on now, you know, like I realized a little while ago honestly two weeks ago that I was doing so many things in my life for a future that wasn't here yet. It's all you know, everything I do in my life is for my career, you know in some way shape or form and I forgot that like there are things that I really enjoy doing it I've neglected to do because I'm not going to further me towards that goal.
And so I'm like literally when I saw your Instagram post I went straight to a magic of coming out of a magic store not going to be a magician. But because I used to really love doing magic and doing magic tricks for people and it's a really fun thing that I could just be doing right now. That's not towards any future goal, but it's going to make this moment that I'm living more fun and more enjoyable.
You know, that's beautiful and it's one of those things that it's like you set out to do it. There's a mechanism. You have to be focused just on that. You have to be focused on just executing that you can't be worried about what happened. For it or what's going to happen after it for those 45 seconds, you're doing that dumb trick.
The only option is to just do the dumb trick.
I mean Chris you haven't seen the tricks. Let's not make judgments and well how good the trick is or how dumb the trick is?
Oh my God, I do appreciate the sentiment though. You just fucking owned me in front of Baltimore, bro.
That's incredible. I have the sentiment stance that is appreciated. I have a thing. Do you want to hear about a thing that I've literally never told anybody in my life, but it's a thing. It's a thing that I wanted to be here because I like even when you just said they're everything becomes about your career hoo boy me and you you That in the beginning we are similar in many ways because I get so caught up in it, but there's a thing I do and and some of this is because my strength sort of helped me realize it but there's I just have a real inability to slow down in a way that sounds similar to you and very on one of the great things about being married is my wife is always pointing out when I'm going to hard in that direction, but it is so hard for me to turn it off and I also put myself in these positions where everything's Grassroots, but that means everything's on me. I gotta go. I gotta go I gotta To build I feel this responsibility got the TV show, which is nice, but that means there's like 70 people whose jobs rely on me getting this thing renewed. I got you know the podcast the tour there's all these feet bring it. It's like nice. It's nice. It's nice but my brain never slows down and there's a thing I've learned to do where it's like every once in a while. I will find myself in a situation where I am alone and I will realize oh, this is the part of the day for me and I will put my phone away up.
It I'll turn it off or put it on airplane mode and I will just walk around the block and get where I was supposed to go a minute later than I should have and they won't ever know why I was a minute late, but that's a minute that I had that no one else had and there was no pressure on it except to walk around the block for the sake of doing so and that has kept me sane man.
You are speaking my language. I like literally did this two days ago exactly that thing except it was three minutes and I was doing it purely so I had three minutes to myself.
Yeah, that's amazing and I say in my head sometimes like this is the part of the day. That's for me. We are speaking the same language except you are fortunate to speak it in a very beautiful accent.
Thanks.
Nice. Yeah, I gotta say I've there's so I mean, I've there's so many callers to the show. I've Loved I'm gonna go to say this and no I hope this isn't awkward at there's never anyone who ivory Edit the anonymity more because I feel like me you should hang out.
I feel the same way.
I felt this since I first saw your stuff years ago thinking this guy and I would be best friends man.
We could totally connect.
I really feel like we would be should be like go over some of our hobbies and interests. Like let's go over some of our hobbies and interests and see if we'd be best friends. Like how do you feel about professional wrestling? Yeah. How do you feel about professional wrestling?
I was obsessed with a kid. I mean, it's not as big in Australia, but I used to love watching going to still WWF. I was completely obsessed and I worked my entire bed. Run became like a cage match with me throwing myself off of walls. And you know, I'm a big fan.
Okay. I know my top five all-time. Do you want to name your top five all-time and we'll see if any of them cross over maybe I can even whisper him. There's a guy on stage is only gonna cross over because my knowledge ends at the Rock.
I mean, that was my guy.
Yeah, but I was born in 1980 I grew up I grew up with all the stuff before that.
It's not gonna link up my wrestling knowledge. I hope this doesn't break the Bromance that is kind of growing here and at the Rock that's okay my top five for the record Ric Flair the Nature Boy.
Whoo, Jake the Snake Roberts Rowdy Roddy Piper Million Dollar Man Ted DiBiase. I like the bad guys and an outlier that I will stand by the great muta. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you. Ladies and gentlemen. Okay, so we both like wrestling we danced around it. I will tell you the crowd is giggling because they're watching me get nervous. Hoping that you like me.
What's your Bromance test we're doing a bromance test. What's your next Link in the Bromance test? Okay, how do you feel about sci-fi? I love sci-fi so much when I was in high school.
How do you feel about sorry? How do you feel about Jodie Foster's contact Jodie Foster's contact.
I tell you I've watched it. I'm not gonna lie. It didn't leave too much of a long-lasting impact should get immediately the second you get off stage.
You're going to whatever hotel room you're staying in and watching it.
And yeah, okay.
This is make or break for you and me man.
You've gotta like that movie for the to be able to work out.
Okay, I mean, I'll give it a fair shot and I'll really watch it with an open mind and It is a masterpiece.
It's Masterpiece.
Yeah, I mean I was young when I saw it. Sometimes you go back and revisit things and see things you didn't see before and Jodie Foster. I think she's really phenomenal. I mean I'm surprised I didn't like the first time.
What's your all-time favorite video game? I'm not much of a gamer. But what's your all-time favorite?
Yeah. I'm not a gamer. I never have been I was much more into books as a kid video games was never my thing. I remember getting a think it was a Nintendo 64 the kid just to say that I had one I saved up for it and everything and I didn't play it one time. I just had it there as a prop for any friends came over could say oh, that's my gaming console.
When I'm playing game, but I've never played it once it's not my thing.
Oh my God. We are so similar.
Yeah, that's my gaming console.
Okay, you're turning the Bromance test to be fair other acceptable answers would have been Mike Tyson's Punch-Out and GoldenEye.
Oh gold.
Mine was the only one that I had never played it, but it lived inside of the flock. So I think that links up.
That's cool.
Okay, you're turning the Bromance test your turn in the Bromance test.
It's tricky because I feel like we're doing so well I'm like honestly quite nervous to ask you a question that you don't agree with me on.
Yeah, I'm nervous. What does that leave you and me.
I'm nervous too for the same exact reason.
I think we have to leave it then. I think we have to agree that we've got enough but the groundwork is laid for something beautiful to grow upon and let's move on from the brunette.
Yes think we have enough information. Yes, we're friends we're friends.
Yes, I made friends making a difference. Just you know, someone online on Twitter did tell me they are also disappointed with me. They said dude. I remember where I was and who I saw contact with disappointing like that. People are asking if they can hang out with - I like that people are saying three minutes. He's got you one up to take more time for yourself Chris. I like that other people pointing out that we someone is saying we are watching you fall in love. Again in Baltimore if you could see my body language or my facial reaction callers, you'd be very call you be very very impressed. Someone else also just said, I think they're scattered is falling in love with this collar just like me. Someone said there's an emo balloon behind you.
I don't know what that means. Unfortunately. Oh, there it is. Oh, yeah an emo night balloon wearing a punk bar.
She literally turned around and looked behind me.
There is no balloon here.
There isn't do you live on the east coast of America or the west coast of America on the west coast?
I'm so sorry.
But I've moved when I moved to America the first time I was in New York city. So I was East Coast. I cannot hear for work.
We could have walked pass each other on the street while both of us were taking our private sojourns around the block. We never even knew it.
You never even know it look at that.
So we got 23 minutes left. This one's flying by. Wow.
I love our I really love your philosophy how you got to where you're at the way you want to spread it, even though you're saying you're still in the middle of some tough times really incredible and I'm glad that we could become friends. I don't know what else you want to say. Here's the thing that I want to know more about if that's okay.
You said your you kind of lived high on the hog? Because your debt your so your Dad was like a drug dealer and it sounds like he was pretty high up in the chain, huh?
Yeah, I mean he was he was he was ultimately caught importing like a hundred and fifty million dollars worth of Narcotics into Australia. That's kind of what he went down for in the end.
Yeah, that'll do it.
Wow, it kind of a big deal.
So you are surrounded by Mayhem from day one.
Yeah, and it's really funny Chris. Like I only realize that recently, you know, You live through whatever experiences you live through as a child and just count them as normal and in the past couple of years. I've been able to like open up to people and share what my life was like, they're like that's fucking crazy.
And I never know that perhaps was a bit of a chaotic and scary way to grow up, you know.
Yeah, I can I mean kids manage to normalize so much right and you certainly had yeah to keep going. What's your way? I mean, you said your dad relapsed you mentioned that your mom has been very supportive. What is your relationship with your Parents, like now 100 million dollars of narcotic. That's a lot of Narcotics.
I need a moment to process that even imagine that man.
You know, what is a great way to take a good moment. When you need a moment to process its to listen to some ads listen to some ads for different products and services that people have to offer it's very nice of them to do. So check them out use the promo code that helps beautiful Natomas when you do and we'll be right back.
Paging all Book Lovers Today's Show is supported by book-of-the-month book of the month is a rapidly growing service with the simple goal to make sure you love what you read. They searched high and low for new books that you wouldn't have found on your own and narrow down to the top five each month. Then you go in you choose your favorites. They ship them right to your doorstep pricing starts as low as just ten dollars for new hardcover releases that usually cost 15 bucks plus anywhere else book-of-the-month to Great Value whether you get a book once a month or once a season the Rusev prices will save you tons.
I have used their site so easy to use a real variety. It was fun to just poke around see what they have available as I picked out which one I wanted because such a wide breadth of interesting stuff you go you get a book. You read. Remember how fun reading was before? Everything was just a phone in your face. You get a nice book you crack it open that smell of the pages really check it out book-of-the-month bound to delight and get your first book for 10 bucks at book-of-the-month. Com stories.
That's book-of-the-month. Com slashes.
Worries.
Thanks again to all of our advertisers for helping me bring this show to the world for free and now I'm sure everybody wants to finish off this phone call. I do too. Let's do it. What's your way? I mean, you said your dad relapsed. You mentioned that your mom has been very supportive. What is your relationship with your parents? Like now?
Well, my mother and father were you know, it was kind of a fling that ended up in May, you know, so it wasn't like they were ever married or anything. My mom has been cleaning all my life and then some and my father, you know was was dealing drugs when he was sober as well and got arrested. I think he had 15 years sober by the time he went to prison for dealing drugs.
And yeah, my mom and I are very very close. I love her very much much more. So since I kind of found my way into therapy and different forms of recovery from that those kind of things my father and I had a very difficult relationship. I tend to think of him as a pretty malevolent kind of guys pretty horrible person and I think my greatest fear before was becoming my father, you know, he was abusive and he would lie and it's cheap its steel and my greatest fear was becoming like him and I think in the end of my drinking career, what scared me the most was that I was looking a lot like him and my behavior and then after kind of I got a year sober he relapsed after 28 years and had was having heart attacks all the time because mass is not good for you when your 74 years old. It's not good for you ever but especially not when you're 74 years old.
They should put that on the package.
Yeah, it's important. Drugs are bad. Drugs are bad. Don't do them as a bull do them, but just don't abuse them.
Yeah, he he relapsed when I got my when I got one year sober and it was an incredibly confronting thing because I've spent my entire life. I guess hating him, you know, he is a pretty ugly kind of guy and a lot of my identity I think was wrapped up in this guy fucked me over and so a big part of you know, my sobriety has been finding cultivating love and compassion and forgiveness, which is like meant nothing but freedom for me and it's been a pretty difficult but also beautiful process, I guess to not have to carry that stuff on anymore.
Yep, that's incredible. That's incredible. You got I mean for somebody who's dealt with as much as you have and came as close as you did you got such a good head on your shoulders. It is impressive your ability to verbalize a stuff. Yeah. I mean your ability to verbalize this stuff in such a clear way means you thought it's just shows you thought about it. So backwards and forwards and it's it's so cool.
Someone on Twitter did just tweet that this is the most beautiful thing there. They've witnessed since Jodie Just performed its in contact to see you know.
An honor that I will never live up to the idea and the thought thought that is quite honestly offensive to Jodie Foster and Robert zemeckis who directed that Masterpiece.
Okay. Someone is saying in our Bromance test that it I did have a missed opportunity. How do you feel about the Smiths and Morrissey?
I love this myth.
I love the Smiths and I was actually playing a cover of panic on the Streets of London yesterday with a friend of mine. I'm going to Tweet it out you or have someone tweeted at you enormously so you can hear it. It's quite good. I would love that.
I'm gonna Smith's cover band myself. We called mr. Shankly and the Frank klees.
What's your favorite it is? Yeah, we played three shows. It started as a job in how people keep trying to book us and a record label just offered to put out a record. And I don't know if I should take them up on it.
That's amazing.
What's your favorite Smith's song?
And I know they change all the time currently currently right now is panic because I was playing yesterday.
I just think that song is so good. It's the epitome of of Morrissey and how great his voice can be.
That how soon is now I think kind of remain in the top five for me.
Yeah, I've recently gotten very empty with lately for some reason after a lifetime of kind of coming and going on and I've gotten very into that joke isn't funny anymore.
It's good. It's good it is because it's about not laughing at people who don't have it as good as you and I think that that's a really nice scent to me.
Yeah.
Yeah, man.
Is this podcast anonymous?
Chris I wish we had more time. There's so many other stories that I feel like if I was to even mention like the headline olives, do you want to unwrap them but there's not enough time, you know, there's the only other things that I think that you and I would connect on.
Do you want to be like a brutal tease to this Baltimore crowd and just list some of those headlines just so we all know that there's so much because we only have 16 minutes left. What are some of the headlines that we probably won't have time to get into that. We'll all just have to wonder Okay, we'll start with this childhood TV star gets married to a person who is known for three and a half weeks divorced 5 months later.
Oh, there's so many more crisp what else sisters incarceration. There's some like happy fun ones. There's some darker ones. There's some really sad ones really inspiring ones. There's so much to talk about Chris.
With the amount you've managed to make the dark one's happy and fun. I can't imagine how happy and fun. I happy and fun one would be because you got you got blast off of a story about trying to kill yourself. Give us one happy and fun when I think this crowd and I think I personally would love to hear happy and fun just because I feel like we all think you deserve the happy and fun ones and we want to relive one of those with you.
Okay, okay on second thought I'm not sure how happy and fun.
They are that was it that was better.
Well, if we're really similar people if we are really similar people the happy fun one will inadvertently disturb people more than the suicide attempt one.
Yeah. Okay. I went to I was doing some work at the Cannes Film Festival and the south of France. I know how ridiculous that sounds I apologize, but I was I was out there on a job. And I was staying this apartment with a bunch of European models and actresses and actors knows a whole bunch of people and there was this one day where I had to I had a meeting in the afternoon and I was kind of nervous and I'm you know, hungry that's what I do when I'm nervous. I tend to eight Pence I was going to the fridge and I found this bar of chocolate and it looks like something you'd find in a gift bag one of those fancy events. And so I'm I eat that I to of And I have some bread and some and so I'm walking down I still got like an hour. So I sit in the coffee shop and I'm having a coffee by myself and I'm sitting there reading this menu and the next thing I know is my face is attached to the menu.
And I peel myself off of it. Like what the fuck is going on and I look around in the buildings are getting really big and really small and really big and really small. It's getting really crazy in psychedelic. I've got no idea what's going on and I could have realized that somehow I've induced some kind of yogic breath and made myself like crazy high like I was tripping when I started laughing to myself and I look around and realize that everyone that coffee shop is staring at me with these like red eyes, and I'm like, this is too fucking weird for me. So I walk up to the counter to pay for my coffee and the woman looks back at me and says in a perfect American accent you haven't ordered a coffee, sir, which freak The fuck out and I'm running down the street.
I'm texting my girlfriend the time saying like there is crazy inside of me. It is consuming me. I don't know what's going on. Long story short. I the chocolate that I ate was laced with acid mushrooms and Molly and I take in like eight times more than the recommended dose. So I was like tripping seeing an animal anomalies for like probably a week and a half. It was like the most horrifying experience of my life and also Hilaria.
Thank you for the happy fun one.
Yeah, you're welcome.
We are meant to be friends. If you're happy fun one ends with the sentence. It was the most horrifying experience of my life.
That sucks. I mean that's super scary especially for someone who's getting who's you know, an addict that much that's like panic-inducing.
It was fine. I wasn't I wasn't sober at the point. So it was kind of in the end like how great I'm just high now. This is wonderful and you have to pay for it.
So that yeah. Hey, I want to know just out of my own personal curiosity because you are this has been a quite inspiring call. And I mean, that's so genuinely but just as someone thinking of you like you're putting your own story out there in the world and saying like hey, I got four years. I went through all this stuff and maybe saying they could help some other people. I think that's beautiful. I do want to just as someone who's like really caring about you right now. What kind of support system do you have? Now?
You got people around who you lean on absolutely like all of my Do I live with have all kind of things for similar experiences?
You know I said I go and see a therapist when I can afford it. You know, I do all the things I've kind of, you know ritualised my life. So it's kind of pretty balanced and level-headed and of all the structures in place that I know that I need to be able to stay in a place that feels like I've got no reason to escape from my life anymore, you know.
Yeah and you had mentioned when you can afford it. It did remind me. Someone asked a question. I thought was pretty interesting. Ding how do how do you feel like being an addict or or the way that the programs are built to deal with addiction? Like how are they different in America and Australia? Is it easier here harder here similar.
I mean this is like a whole other conversation but I really feel like, you know, especially for drug addiction and there are people who have had a far worse than I did with that stuff. I didn't end up on the streets like some people do but it really makes me sad and I think people in Baltimore understand this there's this really ugly business structure around people needing recovery from addiction where people are actually making money off of people who are really desperate depending on their insurance policies and there's all kinds of really icky ugly stuff that goes on in Australia if you need treatment for drug addiction, there's waiting list, but it's covered by the government because it's Universal Health Care or is over here. There's companies who are getting really it's like a 35 billion dollar industry the rehab industry, which I think is It's kind of sad and a bit scary for the people who would like dying because they don't have insurance.
Yeah, I agree. It's one of the it is that and I guess everybody who listen to this show knows I'm a New Yorker and I'm a liberal but that's one of those ones where it's like why exactly is this even Up For Debate if people need to die on the streets and pain I don't get it. I'll get that one. Yeah, and I don't need you know, I'm not trying to take some political strategist repining spawning with you.
Dad it's like is not that we we always I'm on one of the things that I find people are always shocked by when I leave America people always ask me like why do you guys have commercials for medications? And then you think about that for 10 seconds and you're like, oh, yeah, that's that's fucked man. Doctor should tell you what take because it's the best thing to take summation be selling that to you. Like it's a bottle mister Clean. That's totally different thing man.
Yeah. I know what It kind of like trickles down to Old different things. Like I want to say that I love this country and I respect with all of my heart. I wanted to be here my entire life, but there are things in the system that just aren't working for example in Australia at Universal Health Care. So if you get sick, the government will pay for it basically and the best embodiment of that is that cigarettes in Australia the cost about $39 a packet because if you get sick with cancer, the governor's going to be paying for it's like tax them really high now.
America are really cheap because people end up getting kind of wealthy if you're sick, which is a really sad and scary thing to think about I think yeah.
Yeah it is. Can I want to ask you to hear the again and we're getting in something intense. I don't want to just distract it with something silly, but you might be able to help me solve a problem or just anything I've ordered about. It's beautiful and on we got the Facebook group beautiful Anonymous and and I would have asked people where should I go on the tour and then?
People tell me what cities to go. That's how I planned this store. That's how I wound up in Baltimore. A lot of people here said they would come so yeah, I'll go there. It's nice that being said there's a lot of people it seems like there's a lot of people come who want to listen to the show in Australia and I think that's so rad. I've always wanted to go.
I'm really scheming on how to get to an Australian tour but there's one consistent thing I've noticed which is that people from Melbourne Sydney Brisbane. They're like, yeah come here. It'll be rad will go come. Yeah and people from some place called Perth always go come to us. Elia but I know you won't come to Perth anyway, and at anyone who mentions / seems to mention it as this place that's like just constantly gets skipped and ignores.
That's kind of how it's spelled out generally are you from Perth? I'm actually not know got friends who are but I've actually never been to a person gorgeous, but it's kind of a little bit far out.
Yeah, I'm gonna go ahead and say it out loud on the podcast and whoever has to organize mag is next door is gonna be so mad. I'm going to Perth Baby, I'm going to Perth.
How's your I know we don't have the time to totally get into it. But you know the fact that you said your mom gave birth to your sister. Your sister was addicted sound. You've indicated your sister might not be doing great. How is she doing?
It's been a struggle man, you know, like she you know, she was born addicted and she went through all kinds of trauma, you know, because my mom was still loaded when she was a child. So she was in and out of foster care and lives through a whole bunch of sexual abuse and all kinds of ugly stuff and as a result, you know she ended up, you know really struggling as an adult and she's in she's incarcerated and she'll be in there for You know, she ended up getting a really Hefty sentence and she's not getting out anytime soon.
But I've got to say that like and this is what I saying that I think everything. I don't know if this is if this is the right Viewpoint because I struggle with this sometimes everything happens for a reason maybe or everything happens. Give it a reason and I think the what she's done with the experience is that it's you know, if she's out on the streets. She's using heroin. There's no two ways about it. She is loaded. She's doing the wrong thing and since was the kind of the only way it could end for her it seemed as it seemed like because she wasn't able to stay clean and as a result, you know, she's actually cleaned for the first time in there and you can use drugs in.
If you want, but she's clean and she's helping people and she's finally looking at stuff that she kind of probably wouldn't have been able to if she had the be using instead on the streets. So I mean she's doing the best she possibly can with watches guard which is really beautiful. I love her so much and I'm really proud of her even given the circumstances.
Yeah. Yeah. Just hearing that that sounds like making the best of a horrible thing. We've got about five minutes left. We got about five minutes left. You've blown my mind. I want to thank you for that. I think this is one of the most heart-wrenching and yet somehow also one of the most funny episodes we've ever had and I don't know how you pulled off both.
But thank you for it Scott.
We got five minutes from I've told you I've tried calling so many times every time I see the post come up. I like run to find a pain somewhere. I would drop whatever I'm doing. I was at work the other day and dropped everything to run and my son was like what the fuck are you doing as a Chris is waiting for me.
So you run to find a pen to write it down the number to write down the number.
Yeah, uh-huh.
You just save it in your phone, bro.
That would make so much more sense.
Well, I'm glad you never got through those other times because I feel like this one was meant for this life. But I feel like I was meant for this city and these people and a you just said everything for a reason I think is a good example of that. Hey, did you like comic books growing up?
I did. I was never big into superheroes, but I was big into graphic novels. I mean, I'm quite a bit younger than you, but the things that like I was obsessed with were things like y the last man an ex machina things like that, which aren't necessarily superhero novels, but You know, yeah the graphic novels and pretty badass.
You got some cheers. I will say bringing up Indy graphic novels at a punk bar in Baltimore is a good way to endear yourself to the ground. Yeah, if there's any room in any time that you want to give clap for a while the last man, it's the Otto bar on a Sunday afternoon.
I feel like you have to check out there was this one that I loved which I don't think it's easy to get me more but it was by this guy Kevin was anger and there's a novel called Ganges Gan GES that I think you would love. I feel like we're very similar. I think this would appeal to your sensibilities.
Okay a big way, I'll look that one up.
That sounds really good.
Yeah, I think you'll enjoy it.
You gave me a recommendation of a graphic novel. Can I give you a recommendation? Another superhero run Okay, so I never liked Thor as a kid. I always thought he was a little cheesy, but I've been hearing that there was like a really great run of Thor that's happened right before I started reading comic books, but I wasn't going to go like track down the back issues of a series that I didn't really love the current version of but now Marvel has this Marvel unlimited app and it's really great and I can go back and read all the old stuff.
There's a guy his name's Walt Simonson and he wrote this run on Thor and it's really dumb. There's a guy named Beta Ray Bill and I saw pictures of when I was a kid and I was like that looks like the lamest shit. Literally I've ever seen and then I just went back and read Walt Simonson surround on Thor and I'm like y'all Beta Ray Bill is my favorite superhero ever and there's one part. No spy story for the spoilers like store turns into a frog and I know that sentence Thor turns into a frog sounds like the biggest waste of your time, but it's like it just kind of shows everything that's good about Thor.
Honestly, dude, you're my favorite friend. All my friends in this city are so cool. So great the other like nerd out with someone. Thank you for giving me that you let me tell you something man.
No offense to my other friends, but you're one of my better friends.
That sounds amazing.
Yeah, like I feel like you know, like I feel like most of my friends like either don't understand what I do or they also do what I do and that inherently creates this this weird like wearing is not I don't know that's coming out wrong, but I think you know what? I mean? Like I've just feel like our friendship is just like yeah, it's like pure like is what it is for the sake of being what it is.
Yeah, yeah, we get to be who we are.
The phone's going to hang up in a minute and a half and I don't want it to we close this out singing in New England. Yeah, I would do that by Billy. This will Mark the second time. I have sung Billy Bragg is a New England on beautiful Anonymous, but I would love that. Okay. Oh, no, that's okay. You sure?
Yeah, man, people don't mind hearing the best song of all time again.
Okay, let's close it out with this. How many seconds do we have 47?
W seconds 45 40.
Okay.
Here we go. Thank you Chris. I love you. It's been so great to talk to you. I'll go I love you.
Thank you for sharing your story.
I was 21 years with no no 22 now, but I won't be for long up to be a man. But all the girls. I love you as I love you still though. I put Want a better put you on a pedestal they put you on the bill. I don't know. I just feel sad about letting you know, I don't wanna change Chris.
Thank you.
Pretty one who couldn't hear how that call ended.
It ended with keys yelling the words. Abraca fucking Debra calling back to the magic well done.
Thank you so much call her. I wish we could be friends. She could be best friends. That's not how this show works. I'll Pine for you in my heart from now until the end of time. Thank you. Everybody came out to the live show in Baltimore and every live show out. There was it was a such a good time that door.
Thank you so much the Otto bar for having us and Justin Linville Chris Pearce, Joe rum real for support team. That was helping to make that whole tour. And thanks to the Reverend John DeLorean credit conference helping build this shell from the ground up Jared O'Connell. Harry Nelson always helped out in the booth. Shall shag.
Music wanna know about me tour dates Chris get. Com. You want to help this show go to a podcast rate review subscribe. It helps so much. That's all I got. I'll see you next week with more beautiful and honest.
Paging all Book Lovers book of the month.
It's a rapidly growing service with one simple goal to make sure you love what you read browse the five best books of the month discovered titled. You would not have found on your own all with exclusive pricing starting at just 10 bucks. You can get your favorites shipped to your door step for Less book-of-the-month bound to delight and get your first book for $10 at book-of-the-month. Com / stories.
Next time on beautiful Anonymous what could make a grown man run crying and Into the Wilderness?
And for some reason I thought the best reaction rate is the scream and yell everybody Bigfoot's across the way let's go get him.
You yelled the frail Bigfoot's across the way let's go get them you said?
Hey, everybody probably puts across the way let's go get Bigfoot So that obviously startles the said Bigfoot.
He lets his hand off the tree. There was so much weight being pushed down in that tree it like catapults back. We jumped down and start running across this Trail and that thing is gone.
We can see her running through the trees and taking really long strides with that suckers making ground fast.
That's next time on beautiful anonymous.
Hi, this is just McKenna and I'm Zachary know where the host of a new podcast right here at Earwolf called off book The improvised musical podcast. It's a podcast but it's also an improvised music or we get a guest and we talk to them and then Scott passarella starts playing and then we black out for a second when we come to we've created a brand new musical. Yeah, people are saying it's better than the Beatles.
You can say that too if you listen to our first episode with Paul F Tompkins or a second episode with Mary Holland we got Great guests lined up. So guys rate review and you gotta subscribe on that Apple podcast baby or wherever you listen to your podcast.
We'd like it so much just so much.
This has been a near wolf production executive produced by Scott Aukerman, Chris Bannon and Colin Anderson for more information and content visit Earwolf. Com.
An art school grad talks about his success working in an emerging technological art form. Then, out of nowhere, something happens in this call that changes everything about Gethards world. This episode is brought to you by Talkspace (www.talkspace.com/beautiful), Audible (www.audible.com/CG), and HBOs Crashing.
It is that time again. That's right. The Comedy Bang Bang. Best of episodes are out. You guys are Earwolf ends, you know Comedy Bang Bang its beloved. It's an institution. I've been lucky enough to be on it a few times and it's a strange madcap world full of hilarity that I am lucky to be a part of joint Scott Aukerman and Paul F Tompkins is they count down the top 15 moments from the show in 2017 as voted by you in for Bonus episodes.
I was on this year, right? I was on a with Anthony at a manic one of my favorite people and madmen Shannon O'Neil from the Chris gethard show a mad woman. I was really lucky what episodes made the list. Let's see. Was it the solo bolo sin Colo with Ben Schwartz with the big 500th episode The Calvin's twins return and have to check it out.
Find out yourself. Listen to The Comedy Bang Bang best of episodes on Apple podcast Stitcher Earwolf. Com or wherever you listen.
Hello to all the shop kids. It's beautiful Anonymous one hour one phone call. No names No Holds Barred.
Hello everybody. Welcome to beautiful Anonymous First full episode of the new year. Happy New Year to everybody. Happy 28th T get the sense talking to people every single week. I talked to people 20 17 2016 2, you know what? I noticed people felt frustrated and that's the common bond between a lot of the people call this show out of people I call talk to in real life frustrated nervous scared people 2018. I'm really hoping becomes a year where we all pull our heads out from that sand.
Get warm with each other empathetic connect with each other. That's why I'm so proud of this show and so lucky to be a part of this show. It's about people connecting with each other. It's about an end for a show that's one-on-one that Facebook Community has rallied around it has become such a positive place where people just want to connect learn about each other take care of each other to cool thing. Thank you everybody for allowing me to kick off my new year with you this week's episode is a good one.
It's a good one. It's maybe is maybe as hard as I've ever left her the she'll let you guys be the judge of that before I get into what that is. I will tell you the the Bell House shows coming up in February Chris gift. Com for tickets. We got three. We got a residency our residency. How fancy is that? A beautiful Anonymous live taping residency three different weeks in February taping the show live at the Bell House in Brooklyn where the best venues there is telling you these shows are the first ones very close to selling out and the other two I think are going to sell out as well. So get on it now if you're in New York, or you want to get to New York for those shows It's going to be really fun. The third one is the anniversary the 100th episode will be released the same week. It's going to be a party have a good time.
I'll see you there. Chris gets. Com links to all those tickets. Now this episode. What should I say? I'm gonna have I don't even know I don't even know how much I want to give away Jared. I don't know how much I would even let's say this guy. He had a he has a cool job, very interesting job able to tell us about both his job technology how technology interacts with Humanity it will About what it's like maybe not having an ideal childhood, but most of all this person.
Something happens. So unique to them that changes everything I would argue not just about this phone call, but about my world in general blew my mind. You may have just heard Jared burst out laughing, but you also know it's true and that I mean it this you'll know of guys listen to this one because this is the perfect balance of a lot of interesting things being said and then something so unexpected. And so it's so random and silly.
That I don't know how to react to it and I will never forget it and I think it's a great way to kick off the new year. Happy 2018 everybody. Let's make it a good one. Enjoy the phone call.
Thank you for calling beautiful Anonymous a beeping noise will indicate when you are on the show with the host.
Just how L yellow.
Hi. Is this you?
Yeah. Hi. How you doing man? How am I doing? Let's see doing better. I had a very long week very good week, but I'm feeling pretty good today. I'm a little for a guy who's supposed to be taking it easy all of a sudden this time of year. I'm Runner. I got a little sick on Monday and then I went and did my good.
Yeah, and then I flew to California and I It's a talk to some guys from the Navy. So I was traveling a lot of talk to a guy from the Navy I was that was interesting is a little out of my depth. I want to say hello to everybody from the Argonauts The Argonauts Squadron on the USS Nimitz. But yeah, you know the milled there's a lot of issues with depression and suicide in the military. So they screened my HBO special and then I talked with a bunch of the ladies the ladies Amendment.
Yeah, very intense very intense and hard to do but I was proud to do it. It and yeah, you would think you'd think as all their money. I was a liberal artist that I'm supposed to be. You know, the mean the mean the military that the values don't match. But what happens is you go to you go meet people in person. You realize a lot of these people are just young kids who are trying to help trying to help the world.
Yeah. I agree with that. It's a it's very interesting. I have a lot of friends in the military and some have changed completely, you know, like the person We kind of get the racing times and and some just they come out the same.
Yeah, it really pushes their personalities in the boundaries of pretty crazy. Yeah, and I like I like meeting individuals from all walks of life as anybody listen to this podcast nose and you look somebody in the eye and they're like a 22 year old. He's like, yeah. No. I wanted to help help people help my community help my country. It's always nice to see and you know, it's always important to remember that the actual I was trying to help us and protect us are not the ones setting policies that we may or may not like so it was it was interesting and it was flattering to be out there. But it was also an a you know, Fresno not the easiest place to get to from New York City and I'm very tired of travel nightmares blah blah blah.
There's already want to say yeah before we get started.
I just want to say thank you for your show.
I appreciate it. It really helps me on my my drives around town. Awesome, and at the moment just to set just to set the setting. I'm looking at around. I'm looking around 20 duckling just swim around the lake dumplings thing. I can see it in my mind one ducklings. Yeah, there's three Mama ducks and about 20 of them.
They're just has so many things.
I do feel bad that I just shouted I can see it in my mind when we recently had a caller who cannot see things in her mind. I know apologies to that call.
I know. That that car really as an artist that call I felt with her know like if I didn't have that I would not be in the line of work that I do for a living and it's like it's crazy.
You're an artist that's cool visual artist.
I'm a 3D artist noticed. I was actually thinking about if I were gone the show will tell you about a line of work. A lot of people aren't aware of and it's it's I'm like the Puppet Master right? So when it comes to creating 3D characters, yeah the puppet master. So when it comes to creating three new characters like like Woody from Toy Story.
I'm the guy that comes in and they hand me the model, right? So they had me Woody and I go ahead and I create the mechanics that go inside of them to be then handed off to an animator and a better way of saying is it's like if you have an old Toyota and you just have the body you hand that to the mechanic and he creates a transmission and the engine and then you hand it to the other guy and he drives it. I'm the guy in the No, I'm the mechanic for 2D characters.
Wow, you know, so it's a really interesting job. Yeah, and a lot of it has to do with with with knowing the body knowing how things should work. And sometimes you get having some characters that you're like, wait a second. How am I supposed to make this thing work?
You know, I like that you you initially said like I'm a puppet master and I took that to me, you know and Puppet Masters are phrase where I'm like, oh that's like a Sinister like you're working behind the scenes. And so know you're like an actual.
Master of yeah of Puppets you work with puppets.
You master the puppets your puppet master.
Yeah. So yeah, you're a puppet master.
There's nothing Sinister about it.
It's it's a fun job, you know, and it's extremely rewarding that sounds cool certain.
So you say they're like a mechanic for puppet. So does this mean the sort of thing of like so before the animators get to work? Are you the one so you are you looking at things like let's make sure that the finger joints on this model look in some way like actual finger joints that will like it knees and Rib placement like you're looking at actual things like this like the All functionality.
Yeah. So first thing I do is they had to be a model and I got to look at the topology and what that is is I mean, no one gets me see this because you'll you'll see a textured render Caribou. It looks beautiful. But what I do is I look at the actual topology within the character which is like the lines that make up that model because if those don't flow correctly then to be honest with you.
The you won't get a well before main character like the fingers won't curl correctly. Like it won't have the folds and so a lot of my job starts with talking with the models themselves and making sure that they get some good Edge flow going which is the technical terms. I don't want to throw too much. Jargon out there, you know some extra life, especially, okay? Okay, especially my girlfriend. I realized that I'll talk to her about things and I Sho Sho just L / Adam like I'm sorry like sometimes it's it's normal for me to say these things regularly.
Yeah. So, um, yeah, so it's so this is specifically with animated characters. This is not this is not like your your Andy Serkis your Jar Jar Binks like a human where they do the ping pong ball motion-capture type thing. This is different than mocap actually.
To be honest, and I did meet him rather recently larger Banks and the circus and the circus got it. Yeah. Yeah, but me too so Andy Serkis job and there's a lot of there's a lot of conflict between what people say and what he says and cuz I don't know if you're aware of this but he's come out and said that animators don't do.
Maybe don't do anything that he does most of the work and I had this conversation with him and ask him his opinion on it because it's kind of like a sore a sore spot in the industry who knew and I who knew I haven't sold real Dandy you do, huh?
I was just gonna say on the outside and none of us knew that Andy Serkis was at the Centre such controversy amongst animators.
Yeah if it's a controversy because To put out a character, you know like Woody from Toy Story and I'll come back to it because it's the easiest reference that most people get he he was animated by a lot of people just wasn't just one of them, right? And so when it comes to Gollum Gollum was acted out with was one individual and a lot of animators came and tweak that to make it to make the final piece right?
Because they had to extend certain things because the character Completely match Andy and so he said a few times that or something along the lines. I don't want to be quoted on the fact that he said this and that right? So he did mention how he does most of the job and the animators shouldn't get the credit for a lot of things something along those lines may be like that guy.
but he's right to a certain extent because and and animators job is to get the feel of the characters to get the soul of the character out of the puppet, you know that I create and then and just make the audience believe in this person and I haven't to agree with Andy in the sense that he does a great job in actually getting these characters to feel and getting just like the personality out there and the animators Come and they do they have to tweak a lot of things because for some reason I think he's dead.
She did the Planet of the Apes character as well. Those are my favorite because it look like it. Yes. The meeting will be the new space doesn't know what I was gonna say those new Planet of the Apes that shows you might be the high point of Cinema to me.
Those are my favorite. Those are the best movies man abstract horses and shoot the best anyway, but I see What you're saying? So like he already provides the soul. He provides the emotional core which in a mocap sense gives them that wears animators who are doing non mocap animation. Like you mentioned they have to they have to build that account for that from the ground up.
Yeah, yeah, it's intense. So yeah, it's really interesting to see I see a lot of points in the industry that you know, there's a lot of insights that the common person who just goes to the cinema and watches films or plays video games. They don't see a lot of these things and its really interesting point of view.
Yeah. I have a question that I've always had and I feel like you might be the actual person who can answer it. This is a this is a question I've had for like Fifteen years, maybe a little less than okay, but that I feel like you are uniquely poised to answer.
Okay, I want too much pressure. No, go ahead.
I'll try my best the worst that happens. You're like, yeah, I don't know. I'm not the person to ask and I'm like why shouldn't I hope that up so much my bad. They worry that so but I feel like you'll actually have a lot of incident on this. So I remember I remember like I feel like one of the first like for me, I remember going to see Shrek. I remember that being like something that's akin to oversee and I remember seeing like when animation took this turn I remember always feeling like One thing they haven't nailed is like eyes is human eyes that feel like they have a motion. Like I remember specifically watching Shrek 2 and being like it's so creepy because the eyes just aren't quite right like the guys quite can't quite and now they've nailed that now like Pixar in particular.
It's like, you know, and I feel like the brick human brain wants to recognize human eyes all the time. Right? Like that's just the instinct is like latch onto another human's eyes.
Now, they got that right what has developed leptin animation I technology over the past handful of years that has made that shift. So profound your turn. So yes that is part of my job. Damn and I tell you eyes, so I'll tell you something there's there's a phrase and you can look it up later. It's called The Uncanny Valley.
Have you heard of The Uncanny Valley?
I've heard this phrase. I do not know anything about it. I will say Harry in the book just put quote uncanny valley roughly 30 seconds ago. Which is an amazing amazing.
You just wrote that on my computer. Scoby uncanny valley is is essentially where digital content that you're looking at gets creepy and like where you go to realistic with with an aspect or the whole thing and it's just gets really creepy because our brain can decipher what's cartoony and we can accept that right and it can decipher what's real because we see that every day and we can accept that but there's an MBA between right is kind of like a cliff. That's why I call it the uncanny valley. It's like you just dropped off the cliff and it just doesn't feel right at all.
Really. And so you guys so you guys can and error you can make is actually making it feel too real.
Yes. Well making it feel just almost too real enough. Yeah because our eyes will be able to tell you as a viewer. This doesn't look right. There's something off about this and then it gives you that sense of you know weird.
I'm so in overtime as programs that we use as artists evolved. And and now we have the techniques evolved.
We've been able to create better systems for for just icon shows, you know, because when it comes to creating a character that that is part of the job is to stick a join in the eye and just get it to move around right but not only that night you got get the eyelids to look right? You gotta get the eyebrows to look right? Because you're you're you might be looking at the eyes because that's where if it's like the phrase goes you could tell the sober person through the eyes or something.
Not sure if I go, okay.
Yeah eyes are the window to the soul.
There you go. They teamed up we have we look at a lot of data and then especially with Snapchat and all these companies coming out with all these AR stuff. We look at all the videos and and really look at the Minor Details and have come up with systems that can easily recreate those, you know. And so when it comes to when to doing films like Life of Pi or Avatar or you know, or even none of the age, yes, the best part is know what they're doing.
They know what they're doing because they're really digging in doing the research and and just it's it's hard because if working extremely long hours just to get this one part right back. You don't get it right really throws off. Everyone else's.
You know, right so right. Yeah, because I think about the is even thinking about Pixar like I can see in my head. And again, I how I feel so bad what a bad episode 2 because it's just so everybody knows you and I are taping this. I think the the week after that's the most recent episode we released so I keep saying I can see what you're saying in my head and you and I are taking it when it literally just came out the collar he can't see any of this.
Yeah. I apologize. I did hear that one. So yeah, I can't you must.
Had a weird reaction that but I like thinking Pixar like I can see I shut my eyes. I see Toy Story. I remember Woody blinking his eyes and it's a toy. It doesn't look so real you compare that with like cocoa, which I just watched and it's like night and day like the way the technology has progressed even since then those eyes on those characters are just they're able to get somewhere different that they weren't able to get 10 years ago, huh?
Yeah.
Yeah a hundred percent and even for me, you know the first That blew my mind and made me want to do what I do. I saw when I was a kid and it was it was dinosaurs. I don't remember that one dinosaur. It was essentially there was a A meteorite distraught and then all these dinosaurs had to move around.
Okay.
It was really rude. It was like an out route completely realistic, but it was very close. And so that movie really inspired me and one of the things that captivated me about it was the eyes because to me as a kid right as an adult you could like. I saw him. We recently I was like, well this is this is really outdated.
But as a child I felt like it was real I was looking. Through the Windows right back to the Jurassic era and it's like It's I don't know. It's really interesting.
Yeah, and has it been since since we got into this uncanny valley concept this idea that you can not you can make it not realistic enough. You can make it too realistic. There's a sweet spot in which an audience will feel comfortable sitting watching it. Are there any examples I mean, I feel like maybe all of us have in mind those pictures like like I can point to things and be like, oh, yeah, that one didn't feel realistic. Are there any famous examples of projects where people got to realize Stick and like past that Tipping Point creeps out there audiences where it felt a little too real.
Yes, but off the top of my head.
I can't tell you and I don't want to just pull a movie out and sticking it in that right under their umbrella. So I don't want to say anything without being certain up there. But yes, I've seen a few that really struck me in a weird way.
Yeah, I guess just I gotta stop unsettled. Maybe we can Google that me maybe if you wouldn't mind her Googling like uncanny valley who's taking it too far. Maybe we'll get some examples. So you're not the one throwing them under the bus, but we can still get your professional opinion. Look some up now now what type of stuff so so do you work on like big budget stuff? Are you working on smaller? Scale things? Where are you at in your career?
I'm I'm I'm in a startup company you what I can't say much because it's a very secretive company. And so I'm working a lot and to And to like experiences on on stuff that would be on game engines and stuff.
But I've seen way too many papers. I can't say a lot of things to be honest.
No, that's totally fair. I will say gaming seems to be a thing especially for the because game are Gamers. There's a whole culture of gaming people don't realize so much technology these days develops out of gaming and then makes its way to other entertainment areas and the future the future people also don't realize there's been years. I believe correct me if I'm wrong where some of the biggest learning monetarily Ament platforms of the year are actually games not movies right games have started to match movies as far as the actual amount of money. They generate.
Yeah, that's correct and that and it's being backed up even by slow Rising Trend which is Esports. You know, there's there's a huge. I mean, I don't I don't have time to play games anymore. In fact because I quite literally make them but but Esports is a lie. Football is like and it's also because of the coaches and the kids growing up today and what to them is as good looking and what they want to do. You know, it's yeah stay indoors more and so they play video games and so they stream people playing video games on Twitch which is which is our version of going over your friend's house and watch him play Super Nintendo, right, which I know you didn't play much games growing up, but you know growing up, Girl Coco, I had you'll appreciate this story because I think you'll know this pinpoints my age perfectly.
It pinpoints exactly my culture and as someone who is immersed in gaming I actually grew up playing a lot of games. I was in a Nintendo kid got a Nintendo when I was in third grade. I had to quit gaming I started to realize I had a very addictive personality in college. It was after golden eye which tells you everything you need to know, but GoldenEye I was so addicted to GoldenEye that I started all my dreams.
I swear to God I would only Dreams where I was running down hallways every dream I had was just me running down a hallway and it's because I was playing so much GoldenEye that it was I realized man. This is taking over my actual brain. It's readjusting my brain chemistry where I'm only dreaming in one certain way and it's just me running down hallways had to quit if I was going to focus on anything else. Oh, yeah.
That's that was a pretty seminal game, right?
That's that's like a turning point game for and like and 64.
I think it what cultural. Touchstone the the FPS genre which is the first person shooter. Yeah, that is a big a big Glory moment and that and that line.
Yeah. I mean, you know, it's right because you got your Wolfenstein you got your doom. You got your Duke Nukem and then I would say golden eyes the next big leap in fps, right? I mean, I don't know the history of this as well as some others but those are some that come to mind for my childhood. That's when I said I'm out.
Flow lines are there.
We just looked it up. Apparently one of the most famous uncanny valley moments. It's a and I'm looking at a picture of this that Harris put on my screen truly disconcerting apparently in Twilight in Twilight the final in the final movie of the Twilight series, there was an animatronic baby and it was supposed to be very intelligent but the ice make it look completely horrifying just actually horrifying.
There you go.
Yeah. I took it too far.
Don't have bad dreams about that one now back in his me happy with those.
Okay, so you're working gaming you're helping to you're helping to enact this technology helping to develop a cigarette. How does one get into it? You gotta go to school for this.
You know, that's a that's a step on the journey seems to me like before we hear about that step on that Journey. Why don't we go ahead and hear about the other Journeys the journeys of your life and how your life might be aided by products and services as provided by our advertisers. Please do check these guys out use the promo codes. If anything appeals to you helps the show the back with more phone call just after this.
Sometimes the best stories come from the deepest struggles, which is why the world of up-and-coming comics The Narrative Gold Mine see for yourself in the HBO comedy series crashing and I want to I'll go ahead going to go off script right now let you know crashing is a great show. Pete Holmes is the star of the show. He's a very old friend of mine dear friend of mine.
I knew Pete really well during the stretch of his life that crashing is based on I can't tell you how true this story is actually taught his Classes while he was going through his divorce. I had no idea but it was the exact match of time Pete's the best show is really great. I've watched it myself. You're going to love it Judd Apatow executive produced it and as you know, Judd Apatow, is he here? He produces good things. I'd like to think and these are really people that I consider in my comedy family and it's a show that I'm happy to say go watch it set the DVR right now shows a realistic honest depiction of starting out. A comedy career in New York City as a New York City Comic I could say some of the seats are brutal in their accuracy season one Pete was broke getting divorced trying to navigate the world of stand-up season 2 he is still all of those things but this year Pete explores the alternative comedy scene. He dabbles in Romance and expands his worldview.
I heard Pete built to set that looks exactly like rififi to The Venue where he and I both came up and I can't wait to see it come to life again guests. Princes include comic stars like Whitney Cummings Bill Burr David. Tell Jeff Ross, Jamie Lee you guys are going to like the show season 2 of crashing premieres January 14th at 10:30 p. M.
All of season one is available to stream on HBO Go get into it. Audio books are great for helping you be a better you whether you want to feel healthier get motivated or learn something new and with an unmatched selection of audio books original audio shows news comedy and more Audible has all the audio content you need to Start your year on the right foot. They want to start looking into some money things. Maybe you're looking to make some coin maybe need a book like crypto assets the Innovative investors got to bitcoin and Beyond maybe you're looking to get in on that cryptocurrency gave boom right there Audible has you covered maybe you're looking for inspiration. Maybe need to read The Power of Habit listen to it. And I say read I mean listen to it because audibles changing the game changing how you consume books whether it's on your phone. So your car from a tablet or at home on Amazon Echo.
You can get through tons of books while doing almost anything and audible even lets you switch seamlessly between devices picking up exactly where you left off start a 30-day trial your first audio book is free. Go to audible. Com slash CG or text CG 2 5 0 0 - 5 0 0 that's audible. Com slash CG or text CG 2 5 0 0 - 5 0 0 for 30 day trial and free first audio book you can do.
Do it with audiobooks.
Thanks again to all of our sponsors now. Let's get back to the phone call.
How does one get into a year? You gotta go to school for this?
I did and and look I'll tell you right now. I went I went to my community college at the same time. I was going to high school. So I got my associates for my high school diploma good for you. I've never heard that.
Yeah, there's a program called door Romans. And so I did that from 9th grade through 12 and 5 by my senior year of high school all I was Lauren was taking like wood shop auto shop and machine shop courses, right and they called me a shop kid because I took on my credits to the college and those apply back into my high school as well.
No wait, let me ask you because I would have to imagine so you're studying this out of college level, you're starting your heading for an associate's degree. This is stuff where you need to know woodworking metalworking. You're going to be working with models. You're going to be working with puppets. You understand. This is a goal.
I know. From my high school experience the shop kids were not necessarily the motivated ones who are getting ahead academically the shop.
They were the worst the shop kid the free shopping kids that don't pay the shop keep the face shop kid was used to it.
If it's for the kid who would like burn you with a cigarette while you're waiting for the bus.
That was the Shopkins. So it I have a weird laps if you hear a squeak that's my life.
It did sound I wasn't certain what was happening. It makes me want to make you laugh. The entirety of the rest of this phone call, that's your legs.
Stop stop. We're not talking about animation anymore. What that's your laughs. That's your real laugh. Mm. Yeah. This Camp is a play. It's a curse on a gift. How did that happen your Wait, I was telling myself not to laugh.
Has that been your life your whole life?
Yeah. Well it it actually honestly started after puberty. It was the weirdest thing do other people in your family had this laugh.
My son is a year old you laughing squeaks? And I don't know if it's just that he's a baby or if that's just left quite sure what if he's mimicking you.
So when you started laughing like that, people got enough problems in puberty with like also, there's weird patches of hair and their bodies are growing out of control and you also developed like laughs that sounds like a like a like a goose like a goose. Yeah. Yeah. I think my best friend he loves my love and and he would defend in my lap in public places.
I love so alike.
I've been a comedy shows where I they purposely like my friends want to sit me in the front so I can laugh and then see the reaction of the comedian don't like please don't like. Well, here's the thing.
I'll say someone with your laughs I would have to imagine as a comedian the way they react to that and I mean they have to address it a lot of the time I bet and the way they do that I would argue can immediately tell you their actual skill is a comedian because the people who are You aren't confident enough yet are going to make fun of you for it. And there's going to be other people who realize that it's such a gift and I bet you've had that experience with some comedians embrace it and make it a positive and I that's it speaks to their skill because I'll say this.
I have a pretty obnoxious laugh. You've heard it on the podcast and I had a friend bad.
It's good.
It goes big the those big fists. You can't ever you never make fun of someone for how they left. I'll beg you out there in the world of your listeners. You don't left because I left or left. Is an expression of joy and laughter comedy and horror are the two genres where you don't get to pick if and when you react you don't get to choose when you left everybody knows a force left when they hear and everything was a genuine lap. It's a beautiful thing to express your joy.
It's why I'm addicted to doing what I do. I'll never make fun of you for your laugh. That being said I will laugh in response to your laughs. I will laugh very hard when I hear your laugh with me. I will laugh with you but I'll never judge it because a laughter is an expression of Joy. That's like killing a mockingbird.
You can't ever judge someone for how they left people got weird. Laughs that's Joy never judge that you never make people someone feel embarrassed or ashamed for experiencing Joy can't do that.
I'll tell you what. This is a short theory of mind because I do have we're last time so I the thought of what is laughter has occurred to me and certain times in my life and I've come to a conclusion and I may be completely wrong. But this is my opinion. It's last year is a mating call because as a species you're human and you think about it you do you as a person want to be around people who make you laugh for the u. S. Person want to be around people make you cry or just make you have a bad feeling.
I mean, I'm hoping and then to be around people who do both baby. They want to be around people do both baby. Yeah.
Oh, yeah. That's that's just short Theory add. Well, I think it's every mile of I think people are attracted to laughter checked it to those who make them life.
I will say with that. Laughs maybe that's why there's 20 fucking ducklings around at all times.
I mean if you start by telling me you're surrounded by 20 ducklings.
It turns out this is your laughs. I have to point out that maybe you're surrounded by ducklings more often than the average person on the street.
I have had a bird come around me because no not fucking key.
No. Yes.
Yes your last tracks Burger. Don't worry. I've been with friends that my lashes attract birds and then they just break out laughing themselves your last somehow tunes into the language and frequency of certain Birds where they think that it's either like a mating call or distress signal you can communicate with birds via your laughs.
Apparently.
I mean, I don't do it purposely. No, do I eat you know like Spider-Man? I don't use my power to like capture Birds because I don't want to I mean give us great power comes great responsibility responsibility. Hell, yeah, dude you go. Hell. Yeah, dude.
That is I've never I've 17 years where my my profession is basically to try to produce the sound of laughter from other human beings you have by far the most unique laugh I've ever heard.
I really appreciate that. I'll make sure to tell my best friend about I'm pretty sure he'll you enjoy like you walking around laughing getting followed by ducklings.
It's pretty great, especially at my work place.
Like when I started working here and I laughed the first time they started a tally on the board of who can make me laugh and also like they a competition on just you know, and it was my first job out of school. And so I was like the this works I guess and it was just because it was entertaining I mind because They're trying to make me laugh on this right looks like being a stand-up show all day long.
So that's awesome.
That's good that you can just own it. We have looked up other uncanny valley mom's apparently there. I mean, there's been a lot of people talk about this a lot, huh? Apparently Beowulf Polar Express and Final Fantasy the spirits within all our fresh really that's known for and then it's apparently in Shrek The Producers had to go back and dial down the realism of the character of Fiona because the skin was so realistic. They the animators felt like they were animating a corpse it didn't All right.
Oh, wow. So Polar Express. That was one that you were like. Oh, yeah.
Actually, and I want to make this know because I do know people who've worked on Polar Express and my laughter, you know, people know who I am when they hear the last yeah, you just outed yourself more in you're well. I did I did but the reason why that movie was has The Uncanny Valley Steel is because it was it was rushed up.
Right? And so it's want to make that one out there. It's still great film and to this day. It's played every Christmas. Yeah and a lot.
So let's be clear you're being really cool about it. And for anybody who is listening who may know, you know, I'm not asking you to talk. About this it's just it's a very fascinating concept that you brought up and everyone who works in your field. It sounds like has to focus on this merging of like these theories and this technology and everyone's trying to figure this out and wrap their head around it. So I'm not trying to ask you to talk shit about your peers.
I'm just trying to say, okay what a cool fascinating thing when you do a very cursory Google search. Here's what comes up when people talk about this. I'm not and I'm not trying to put you on the spot and say condemn or defend. Your peers I'm saying. Oh that thing that we've been talking about. Oh, yeah, here's some examples. So that's on me.
That's not yeah. So we're you an art kid.
Were you like the kid? Were you always the kid who could draw like crazy? Oh absolutely not really good.
Join. Yeah. So how do you get into animation? How do you get so motivated to do this that you take college classes during high school? That's the thing when so that goes back to the school thing right when I was doing the college courses. I had to pick a career and I was in a very dark. My life were like I was like Couchsurfing and just like saying my car and all this crap and I was like High School summer.
And yeah, man, let's not going to guess that that just gets bad. But you just kind of come out punching. So I I go ahead and like animation, you know, like I love I love films they are what makes me happy and so my happiest moments were watching these with my bed, so Let's go ahead and try this and so I tried it out and I realized that you know, like drying is pretty good because to know animation you got to know the principles of animation and you got to know how to draw to a certain extent because when you're working with 3D characters, it's more about moving a puppet around in time and space and getting the certain actions out. You know that you could do with with with video reference like a lot of the films are made nowadays.
The pressure of them have video reference that the animators that to go ahead and make your sounds and so I said I'm gonna try animation. Right? So I graduate high school has my associate and I went to my university town where I'm at and it was fun. But there are program was the equivalent. I'm so sorry Sally and sorry to your arms of early shit in the corner you break a glass vase on it and then you put a sign next to it that's hard very contemporary.
Now, there's nothing wrong with that but it's not my type of art. Yeah, and so I said I got to go. Ground and I went to yeah, I got a I got a applied to scad which is an art school in Atlanta. Uh-huh and pretty well known artist Savannah. You were just in semantics right?
I was yeah, I was there for two days beautiful town.
So you might have seen the word scared. Oh, yeah and a lot of places because they essentially on that City and that's where I was that you went too scared.
Yeah.
I went to Scott and it was great. Eight and it was an extremely expensive but the guidance was amazing. Yes a guidance because they they teach you how to teach yourself. You know, that's cool. And and I did that and I graduated I got a job and you know, I got little son. He's cute baby has my love. How old are you?
26 26. Wow, I tell you I'm not going to ask you don't want Into it, but just connecting the dots the idea that you're sleeping in a car in high school. You showed this type of motivation you went and got an associate's degree while you were in school scat is no joke. That's one of the top art schools in the country.
Even I know that the fact that you're not working in the field that you chose. You're raising a kid at a young age. I gotta say you don't have to tell me anything about it. I'm not going to bother you about it, but just connecting those dots. Holy shit. You're you really toughed it out. You really held it together, huh?
It's it's interesting. Look, my the way I see the world is a lot different than others. It's like I wasn't handed a great deck of cards, right my and I'm going to a little bit just cause I don't mind because I've told this story a million times when people ask my dad went to jail for some cocaine stuff in Miami like the year was born if not a few months into me being born as he was in jail for five years.
In that time my mom quite literally sold everything and and like messed everything up. Let's no situation, but he kind of left this so everything was safe for us. And and so that became you know, like all right. Now we just have to be moving everywhere just this is our life and and that was completely okay.
And over time like I was growing up and my mom was extremely hard on me school and Tuesday. I think it was a little over the top but she did instill a lot of good in me, but at the same time in that in doing so she created a lot of hate in me towards her because of how she came on to doing these things and it was it was It was with it and the the only thing I can never forgive her right?
So she has a girlfriend that she had a girlfriend she had to when I was growing up and then she stayed with one is she's been with her for about 12 years. And so to me to me that was completely normal, but she's always had this feeling of guilt that she wasn't with a man or anything. I'm like, you know, it's okay should I know you don't want to be around because I don't like knowing the reason And it comes to a point where we're we're strange, you know, it's that relationship and she has a son that's it is what it is.
I'm sorry about that.
Hello.
Hello. Yeah, I can hear you.
Wow, that story got so emotionally intense that the phone couldn't handle it anymore had the phone phone bleep back.
Sorry about that.
Now sometimes you laugh and it sounds like a laugh and then sometimes you'll actually it's a chuckle.
Yes Chuckles.
So when you chuckle it sounds like a laugh and when you laugh it sounds like a novelty toy being squeezed like a dog toy being squeezed.
Yeah, that's that's essentially, you know, this is now becoming just a pissing contest if me trying to describe your laugh in a way that gets gets you to laugh.
And then your to really try hard to keep a straight face because you don't want to give that to me, but now that I'm going meta and I'm explaining this contest that's Brewing between us this laughs contest your now laughing because it's it's yeah, it's clear that we both know. I'm trying to get you to laugh and you don't want to laugh but I will say in my experience. The number one thing that gets a personal life is telling them you're not allowed to laugh.
I agree because I know When people always try to make me laugh and that's kind of kind of the right there. That's the one thing that always gets me so works.
I'm just saying anyone listening right now. Anyone listening right now would be so mad if you left right now.
How come because they're going to Veer off to the side of the road and crash their cars.
I listen to everything about your last show a lot to show a lot when I'm ubering because God is an amazing School Bus got is very expensive school. Yes. And so sometimes you make me laugh and I am driving. I'm like, come on girl. You can't you gotta stop this man. You gotta stop with the jokes. So you have with you.
me Oh, no.
I clearly need to catch my breath. My guess is that a lot of listeners are also maybe meeting just take a deep breath to calm down perfect point for every touch a lot of times people go.
Oh to break up the momentum Fred's not this time.
I bet there are a lot of people going. Thank God. I need to take a breath and actually sit and listen to these as this time. That's good.
Check them out use the promo code to helps the show when you do we back with more phone call.
Today's Show is sponsored by talk space the online therapy company that lets you message a licensed therapist from anywhere at any time. I know maybe you're busy, right you can't imagine fitting anything else into your life. Well with talks based therapy is as easy as sending your therapist a message get something off your chest whenever you need to you might want to talk about everyday challenges at work or home even just chat about life. There's no extra commutes involved. You don't need to leave your office. Nobody's gonna judge you.
All you need is a computer. Or with an internet connection or the talks based mobile app and you can improve your mental health a very very important thing. That is everybody knows I'm a big advocate for remember therapy is not just about venting your innermost thoughts or digging into childhood memories. It's about practical everyday strategies for Stress Management and living a happier life having a therapist provides you a designated person for you to talk to it's my favorite thing about it. Someone who's trained to listen help you make some positive changes just an impartial Observer who helps you out. I love Talk space platform has over 2,000 licensed therapists who are experienced in addressing life challenges. We all face to match with a perfect therapist for a fraction of the price of traditional therapy. Go to talk space. Com slash beautiful use the code beautiful to get $30 off your first month and show your support for this show.
That's beautiful at talk space. Com slash beautiful.
Thanks again to all of our advertisers for helping us get this show to the world for free now. Let's finish off the phone.
Off of your okay God I am I just left so Oh God. Oh God. I'm so sorry. No, it's not your fault. Like I asked for it as a Pandora's Box. I oh God. Yeah. I'm just getting over a stomach virus a couple days ago, and I've laughed so hard that my Oh my God.
I just found out that it's like a loop. I got to be careful because I want to make you laugh because I find it funny, but I find it so funny that it's actually dangerous for me.
Yeah, God.
Oh God. Hello. Yeah. Okay, so did you so yeah.
I mean we're this is go guess because this isn't this could be a laughing competition, but it's not healthy for you clearly as a comedian. I would expect that to be good, but you can't handle it. Laughs.
No, here's what our cuz you got 19 minutes left. This one's flying by here's what it's going to be Cleary. I'm going to just try to ask you about animation and I'm gonna pray you don't laugh along the way because it's just gonna be it's just good every time it's gonna be like a house of cards that falls down again.
So, okay. So did you how hold my composure so scared that scared degree goes a long way you must be able to get a job right out of school with that thing.
Right? No absolutely not. I was scared of the great doesn't go a long way. It doesn't go. I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what I wasn't even actually my degree when I got my job when you graduate way graduate. Our version of a resume is a good resume attached of a demo reel right wing what you're capable.
Doing right? And so if you spent your years at sked partying down in downtown then let me tell you your your resume is I got to look pretty and so I know your demo reel I can look pretty and so no company's going to hire you so there can also be a body had a warning industry still young enough to that.
There could be some Prodigy who never went to school and if they can bring it they can bring it in. They'll get hired.
Well, if you can bring it you can show it and if you ask you can you have to be don't show it that's not going to take you anywhere, right?
So it's an environment where the school if you go and buckle down and do the work you put your head down do the work learn the technology. Learn how to merge it with art scads a great place that can teach you to do that and then you still have to go do it.
Yeah. Yeah, and I'll tell you where I learned a lot of my stuff is like so my upbringing was lock out surfing what I love to do deep in my heart was My laptop and sit down at a Starbucks at seven in the morning and that leaves the 12 right and night. Right? And what I would do is is I would I had access to an online digital training Library called digital tutors, which is now pluralsight and they were maintaining because I could use my time in so many other ways but I'm like I want to do this and if I want to do this then I got a I got a really do my art and I would just sit down do all these tutorials and I must have gone through.
Like most of their libraries for the stuff I wanted to do and when I got to college, it's CAD particularly. I realized that a lot of the kids there got out of high school and just came here and David a have any of the stuff that you know, like they weren't aware of of what program it was or like the in or even how to use it, which is the main part and I was like, well, I kind of got an advantage and so It was just an interesting thing, you know to see that all the work I put in while in a shitty situation did pay off big time because when I was in school I was going so well and and getting stuff going, you know, yeah then good for you because it's you know adversity can a lot of kids a lot of kids who have a dad in prison who have a mom who's maybe got a lot of these guilt issues getting in between you they're not going to react to that.
Verse adversity by buckling down and find a quiet place to go to work and find their way out of it. That's really it's really I mean so many things that you've said that I can connect the dots and realized like that's a really special thing. A lot of people go get in trouble. You don't do that. You went the other way God. I'm so scared. You're going to laugh. I'm so scared at any point. I can barely talk to you.
Yeah, you just barely held that one. I've been a bit but this goes back to to why I'm thankful for a lot of stuff. My mom that look like my dad passed away when I was 12 out of the jail cancer and and my relationship Booker out my mom at that point But at the age of 12, I started working at like the local flea market jumping. I also told your kid. I was like hey if you need someone to work for they have for I will pay you like 30 bucks a day and like okay and I'll just I did I did dollar stores. I sold Furniture, which is the one I did for a long time.
I sold kids and stuff and I learned I don't have a hustle that way with that, you know, and I mean, I'm in South Florida. I'll just say like that. So like you get a good mix of people and Haitians were one of the biggest ones and in the supermarket and I love Haitian, they can hustle anything. And so I was told your kid trying to hustle with the Haitian because he wanted this at $10 when I was 30 and over time or five years of this you got me. It was it was like training or it's what it was. I mean I was in pain.
It was crap. But like I learn how to talk to people and I learn how to how to be more open and just humble about things because I see people coming through every day and people go to flea market sometimes don't have much and like you could see it just interfaces could read people which is also part of animated. Yeah be able to you know, like walk the walk right? I look and this is actually something I want you to do.
I want you to picture something, you know, I pictured that something was beautiful when when she said it I Next time you're in public. Yeah, make sure your public. I want you to stand behind someone who's walking and copy their water copy the shoulder movement copy any limp any slight limp. They might have the hand movement and that will get you in the mentality that person you're going to see a lot of things just by that, you know, and I learned this page and then it came back up because like one of my professors are do this, you know, like figure out a person is I like You know, I got done that for a while. Holy crap.
And so now that's it advice and it sounds like a cool exercise. I will remind you. I live in New York City where that may get me killed forget about that.
I've never been to New York.
So I wouldn't know. Yeah, if you just follow someone and mock them like they'll mimic them they will take that mockery and you might you might get screamed at on a subway for that. You might get me killed.
I'm sorry next time your Savannah door for sure. They understand.
Yes. Everyone's so nice. It's so nice. There it is. Yeah now but yeah, so yeah, go ahead. No, I was gonna say like how much like so you're working you can't say in exactly what but like you were gaming you've mentioned there's so much like augmented reality type stuff right. Now. This is a this stuff is going to change everything, huh?
Yeah.
I feel like that.
Yes, you look at it. You're like like even even like you look at all the stuff Disney's like rumored to be doing with their new Star Wars theme park and you're like, oh, it's just gonna be like Westworld. There's going to be a real West world where you go live on reality in a theme park like that stuff's coming, huh? Yeah.
Yeah, I'm percent.
It's crazy. It's the future of the world is is changing all people to realize that it's going to be really exciting. Yeah, you got these puppets. So how long did it take you how long after you got out of school until you got your gig?
Um graduated much.
I got a job graduation march. I got job like a month after I see, you know, 15 years ago, okay. Three years. Yes, sir. That's cool. That's great. That's like that VR room type of stuff and it's really awesome. Yeah.
Yeah.
That stuff's cool. That's just cool. I like that. Yeah, man, it's a it's funny so many of the early causes podcasts and I think this podcast still gets unfairly stereotyped because a lot of it early on was like struggling artists looking to find one. I think a lot of that is because that's how People who knew me before this podcast is one of the major things they related to me on you.
You're the guy who found Public Access and built a career off of it. You know when your career was failing like, yeah, it's really nice to talk to you.
You know couple years into doing the podcast because I think it's such a reminder. I bet you'd agree with me the advice. I always give every artist. You can you can sit and wonder why it's not working out as much as you want. You can sit around and and say I got all the skills in the world if you're not a hustler and you're not resilient and I can't figure out how to have a thick skin.
Don't be an artist. Yeah, you got all those things.
I do and I'll tell you what someone recently told me like because my I pay a month $1,300 for the nose, right? That's ridiculous.
And so wait 604 lat.
My student loans, that's a month. Yes, my monthly payment. Where's Mitchell Sallie Mae? Uncle Sally? And so what I got to do right is I was told you they like your the fish of a husband, but you say they can you have so many jobs and I do burr. I do some gigs at CVS where I do service for people. I have my main job which provides me with my health care and everything for my child and my family and I like the main source of income and I also make pens and so it's I got him all these other things just to make makeup for for the burden of what student loan due to kids and it's crazy.
It's not yeah, you know because I have a good paying job, but there's a lot of my friends most of them. They graduate they'll have a job and I don't know how to crap. They're making it.
Yeah, it's scary to me. There's a flawed system where we we shrink social services and then also ask kids to start their adult lives $100,000 in debt. That's just very scary.
I'll tell you what the future of education and I'm 100% with us is going to be online as we online training and it will be about skill sets it is right and a lot of kids are getting taught that it's not about that. It's about degree. And unless you want to be a doctor. Excuse me. I'll listen to be a doctor or lawyer or something that does require a degree then.
Title I don't think we got to go school just apply yourself enough online training to do most of it.
You're gonna get me in trouble with my mom because I always I've I'm gonna recommend like don't go to college. It's dumb. I shouldn't say that but I should say if your directionless and you're not sure at all what you want to do. Like I was take a gap year until you figure it out. Yeah don't spend that money just to spend that money. We don't live in that age. Like you said, I'm like you you found this.
These things that became your real school that you knew and then you went to school with some intent and purpose to follow same thing. I found the UCB theater. That was my real college comedy. That was my comedy College. I should have done that. I should have done that here that not everybody should do comedy college and I want every asshole who signs up for an improv class to play me.
I don't want that. Sorry. I just but if you realize you want to do that, you're right. I think specialized focused training is the way the future. I think a lot of us a lot of us middle class privilege people. We used to like let the DeVry commercials would come on TV, right you'd see like the TV A trade school commercials you be like ho ho ho those infomercials for schools. It's a no, I think that's the way of the future I think small specialized programs that focus on real applicable skills that don't cost you six figures. That's the future. I think you're right.
Yeah, udemy is beautiful and like they'll say $200 for a course, you know, put it on your wish list and a week to send you a $10 discount, you know, like I work for you Dennis. This is not any conversion fun, but I I use them to then give my like sit down and learn new things. So I am more valuable to the company that I work for and it's like I wish that was voice to the coming age kids are growing up. Yeah, because they're still trying to sell them the idea of Harvard and Harvard is great. But if you don't want to do it that you want to be anything like that requires that don't do it.
It's and it's a conversation. It's a road that you can they can see but it's not when you have to take you know, I also feel like there's this thing of like you can be whatever you want to be and I think there's some truth to that but it's also dangerous thing to say to a young person because I think the Half of it should be you can be whatever you want to be.
But the first thing you need to do to get that isn't to go to that. It's to start putting Tools in your toolbox. You got to build those tools first unit by all means chase a dream, but you better have when if you're going to chase it when you get that chance, you better know exactly you better have your knives sharp when you get there. You know what I mean?
You better know you better have done thousands of reps on all the tools. You need to be successful so that That when that lucky moment does present itself. You're not still a dreamer. You're a worker. Yeah.
Look at that. We got all serious. I thought this stuff was all going to be all about trying to make you laugh and hear that honk noise again That honk laughs there.
We got with Syria, but but it is a thing that's very important and I believe I believe, you know, like the internet is changing and it's become something they'll be voiced more and more when professionals who are Now or have graduated the recent you were start start voicing their concerns and I think they're the ones are having kids and they are going to see the systems. They were put into a slog, you know, so it's like that's like I'll tell you what if my son wants to be a doctor. I'll pay for your school.
But if you want to be an artist, let's talk about what you want to paint with. Let's go to Blake. Let's go buy some stuff. Yeah, you know, it's someone that step one and then I'm sure to if it's and there's real potential shown and it seems like there's real even more important than potential dedication shown.
All right. Now what school do you think gives you the best shot and let's talk about getting you there now that you've proven it, but I think that you're right, I think in the future our Shin, and younger going to be a lot of people going. I want you to prove to me before we get before we start talking about funding this school prove to me first that you're going to work through it and you're going to get something out of it.
Yeah, because it's ruining people's lives in some cases in a lot of cases. No, but especially for people who aren't privileged. You're starting at such a deficit when you come out of it and man is it not easy and and again, I'm not judging you're a hustler. But the fact that you've just said you have a full-time job then also Drive Uber and also do work on the side at other places is another thing that's reflective lot more people doing that and they're convincing us that this this gig economy as they call it is like oh, yeah find some fun work on the side and it's like well, it's not fun work on the side.
Everybody a lot of times. It's in the cost of living has outpaced has a beta paste our ability to pay for life.
Oh, yeah. Yeah big time Big Time. The cost of living is another but I just don't want to get into it. That's not especially for like the reason why I had a kid so young it's because my girlfriend I decided we liked we want to jerk it we want to be, you know, like we don't want to be 40 in the thing that's have a kid. Nothing that there's anything wrong with that but like were young You have all this caught yourself want to go to Disney just cut yourself 37 year old guy who doesn't have a kid yet.
And you said not that there's anything wrong?
No, it's cool because it is like pretty well.
And I would date with you with your dad not being around then you losing your dad. I bet there's also a party that's like I want to I want to like that that childhood. Yeah, I know it is probably really important to you to make sure your kids childhood is that ideal one? Is that one where you're really involved in all those aspects? I have to imagine that there's yeah.
So the point that he might be a little spoiled but I'll turn down a little bit after this for sure. It just happened.
I mean, you're the time there's there's no way your kids not gonna work hard. Right?
Like that's just exactly as the starting point. Yeah, you know he he's never know that a kid. We are no dead serious to it's it's kind of learning how to balance the equilibrium between between both pretty well as that's that's all but life is about to me is like is like you this world is I'm sorry, but this is my way of doing is like this world is kind of like You know, this is an illusion, right so we could treat it as it is. There's no reason not to laugh when you're sad. There's no like the whole point of this is to enjoy yourself while you're here and like and through my upbringing which hasn't been great. That's what I've learned.
You know, like 1 times the worst laugh at it to be honest with you. Oh really is only going on up.
Oh, really? Yeah. Oh and like this first you laugh at it, huh?
How's that?
How's that turn out for you?
Well, look at me now, you know pretty well.
Oh, no. Oh, no, we have less than a minute left.
Oh the plan this better.
Oh, no.
This is my dream.
Come true that you and this is everything I have.
This is The Stereotype of my career and this show is like heartfelt emo bullshit and then the most cockamamie thing that could possibly be layered with that. That's it.
startled ways Oh my God.
Call it.
Thank you so much. That was so fun. I really like you. I like what you do. I like how you got there. And your laugh could not be better. It's a real cold day in New York and I feel like I just laid in a summer filled and then there was a slight drizzle to cool. That's I feel refreshed listening to that car.
Laughs that was also the bag by far the most easily identifiable copper it mystery anyone who's ever met you can post that bus you thank you for calling. Thank you too. Harry Nelson for feeding me all that info on The Uncanny Valley. Thank you Jared O'Connell for being the backbone of the show. Thank you to the Reverend John DeLorean.
Thank you Greta call for I'm gonna build it.
Thanks Shaq for the music. Want to know about me including the beautiful Anonymous residency at the Bell House in Brooklyn, New York, February 2018 Chris gap. Com for tickets you Like the show rate review subscribe and apple podcast really helps. See you next time.
Today's Show is sponsored by talk space the online therapy company that enables you to improve your mental health from anywhere at any time get matched with a licensed therapist from over 2,000 choices and message them whenever you need to know commutes and no judgments for a special offer for our listeners visit talk space. Com slash beautiful and use the code beautiful to get $30 off your first month and show your support for this show talk space.
It's therapy for how we live today.
Sometimes the best stories come from the deepest struggles, which is why the world of up-and-coming comics as a narrative Gold Mine HBO crashing watch it.
My friend my former student Pete Holmes a good hilarious men executive produced by Judd Apatow man, who's been a mentor to me a champion of me if you like me you got your you like Judds world.
You're like Pete's world. I'm from the same world crashing is the best. It's realistic. It's an honest depiction of starting. Out a comedy career in New York City. It's one of the only things I've ever seen where I'm like, that's what it felt like to be scared and creative in New York City young person. Check it out You're Gonna Love It season 2 of crashing premieres January 14th at 10:30 p. M.
All of season one is available to stream on HBO get into it. Okay, if you like me rally around my buddy Pete rally around Judd. He's been a true mentor of mine crashing the best check it out.
Next time on beautiful Anonymous call that starts dark gets even darker.
You're the individual. I didn't know this before right now, but you're the reason your the human being that forced the show into existence.
Well, I'm glad to be you know, useful for something.
So how does one become an escort definitely to be an escort?
You have to have looser moral compass than most other people and I guess the decision that basically made me not continue their job was like my milk. Because your morals is you have higher moral standards, which is like sound so conceited. You just can't put up with that much.
That's next time on beautiful anonymous.
Hi, I'm Chemin SDR Gibson. I'm homosexual Bryan Safi and we host the Throwing Shade podcast on Earwolf. We talk about women's issues. LGBT issues pop culture. I'm a fiance we go through all of it. We've had guests like Kay Cannon Trixie Mattel Ira Madison that Bella side politan consign us. Yes, we'd be we are our own guest so far the most interesting people on the show had been Aaron in Maine. You can check us out on Earwolf on your favorite podcasting app.
Yeah, or a check me out on Hollywood Boulevard. I'll be the one polishing the Steven Seagal star and I'll be sorry Katie Siegel and I'll be supplying the shoeshine.
This has been a near wolf production executive produced by Scott Aukerman, Chris Bannon and Colin Anderson for more information and content visit Earwolf. Com.
Coping with tremendous grief from a recent tragedy, an astrophysics researcher talks to Geth about black holes, extraterrestrial life and the fate of humanity. This episode is brought to you by Mack Weldon (www.mackweldon.com code: BEAUTIFUL), Your Mechanic (www.yourmechanic.com/STORIES), Stamps.com (www.stamps.com code: BEAUTIFUL), and Talkspace (www.talkspace.com/beautiful).
Whatever you're wearing right now. I promise you my friends mac. Weldon is better Mac Weldon. You've heard me talk about this a lot. I stand by it love this brand its immense Essentials brand believes in smart design premium fabrics and simple shopping. I love it. I'm wearing their underwear right now. It makes me feel more confident more snug. It's great. It is great stuff and I got a pair of blue Mac welding socks that I'm telling you their first up in the when I'm doing something important in my life. I put on those socks because they make me feel good.
Both physically and incense of my confidence and comfort that is true. They even have a line of silver underwear and shirts that are naturally antimicrobial means they eliminate odor and they want you to be comfortable. So if you don't like your first pair keep it, they'll still refund you no questions asked I'm not lying to you. It is seriously good stuff go to Mac Weldon. Com get 20% off using promo code beautiful.
Hello to all my other half guard players. It's beautiful Anonymous one hour one phone call no names.
Welcome to beautiful Anonymous the podcast where I get to talk to people on the phone and you all get to listen to other people's lives the secrets and intricacies sometimes exciting sometimes boring but always very human beautiful Anonymous. I love that I get to do this. Thank you guys for supporting it. Also everybody listening a lot of you guys know that the other big project in my life is the Chris gethard show on TruTV.
This episode's being released many of you are downloading it on Tuesday, March 20th. DVRs tonight 11:00 p. M. Tuesday, March 20th, Chris gethard show returns the TruTV. We're gonna be real fun time. We got Abbi Jacobson coming on the show. We're giving away cars. Give away some automobiles it like Oprah, but I'm not Oprah and I don't have Oprah's budget and I can tell you the the the process of finding cars that I can afford to give away has gotten progressively sadder and more pathetic as the episode approaches. So it is a live show.
We do take phone calls just like beautiful Anonymous. It's where I got the the idea to do a phone call driven podcast because I love taking phone calls on the show. We're going to take a lot of them tonight tune in call in would love to talk to some beautiful and honest fans on the show music by Charlie Bliss.
It's gonna be fun time going to hear me talking about this a lot. Next few weeks. Tuesday is gathered a beautiful not a mess in the morning get third show at night. Okay, last week's episode heard from a caller who was organizing a wedding and also preparing for gallbladder surgery people enjoyed it people sympathize and empathize with that color.
Also, I want to say We had the Ron Paul's baby follow-up. It was our two-year anniversary the show followed up with the first caller and universally people online in that beautiful anonymous Facebook group agreed Ron Paul's baby really funny this year killed it people glad to hear you're doing well, and I tell you I dropped the ball on the second one a year ago.
I dropped ball pool Ron Paul's baby and best by people in the like that second episode third one. Everybody's loving Ron Paul's baby is back, baby. Baby is back baby. Also want to let you guys know March 31st. This is less than two weeks from today. That's when this pay wall system starts up. I've been mentioning this on the show anything older than six months will now be behind a pay wall.
You know, that's something a lot. You've heard a lot of the Earwolf host grumbling about it. I just want to encourage you remember it's March 31st. So anything older than six months that you want for free that you want to keep the old episodes that you love Go download them now download them and keep I am telling you go take them all for free put them on a hard drive.
If you want them. There ain't no problem with that in the meantime Stitch. Your premium is where they're going to be housed and you guys can get a free month of Stitcher premium with the code stories and I will say we have a bunch of our live shows up on there. There's a lot of lot of archived podcasts a lot of great stuff on Stitcher premium a lot of stuff. You can only get there. I think it is a service that is really worth it. If you're interested free month use the code stories at Stitcher premium story.
He's you get that free month Go download them now because the pay walls come in March 31st. All right this episode that we got coming up for you guys. This one is intense. This one is very intense. I want to warn you guys about that now it is tense and it is grim but it was also full of Hope and the caller someone who who who who has been through a lot and who is still pursuing dreams and still pursuing big goals.
Who has clearly been through trauma? I think a lot of you guys are gonna listen to this one. I'm just gonna I'm just gonna say this up front. I don't pry in the course of this call. Some of you maybe are going to wish I did for the sake of entertainment value. I will just ask you remember that I think for for myself who loves this podcast a lot of the people who love it just remember it is entertainment but his entertainment based in humanity and in the in the moments where I didn't pry understand that I was I was Just trying to be respectful and kind human being who has his own comfort zone and and who respects the limits of others. So this one's tough. It's intense, but it's also really fascinating really gripping stuff one of those calls that I couldn't stop thinking about for many many days and weeks after we recorded it, but one that I'm absolutely thankful and grateful that I was able to have think you guys are going to get a lot out of it. Enjoy listening.
And I'll see you soon.
Thank you for calling beautiful Anonymous a beeping noise will indicate when you are on the show with the host.
Hello. Hello. Hi.
How's it going? Is this Chris?
It is. Yeah it is.
Oh, wow.
Okay. I'm okay. I just got out of a women's self-defense class and then skipping a research meeting to talk to you. So wow.
I just got out of a martial arts class myself.
Oh really? What are you taking I'm back in my Brazilian jiu-jitsu game.
I used to do Jiu Jitsu. I'm gone right doing Brazilian jiu-jitsu again getting my oh cool ass handed to me.
Yeah, we do. We do lots of Brazilian jiu-jitsu for like he calls it like our professor calls it like the nonviolent methods and then and then he also gives us like violent tools I guess for self-defense.
So yeah. Wow. Yeah, it's intense - I actually I go to a very good gym a pretty legendary Jim and I you know you Spar at the end of every class and I was rolling with a young lady today and she really Worked me good and then I later found out that she's currently a fighter in the UFC. I was earlier today fighting a UFC fighter.
Well, that's pretty cool. Good job.
I mean, it's cool now to talk about it wasn't cool when I was being completely brutalized completely internalized. Yeah. Yeah, but that's okay these things happen.
Yeah.
Yeah, she's skipping a meeting.
Yep. Skip in my research group meeting. What kind of research what kind of research do you do I astrophysics or like more specifically Galaxy Evolution, huh? Huh? Yeah. Well, so so I guess so how I describe the field to people when I give like public talks about my research. I Start out by saying like that. I use the universe as a time machine to tell the story of how Galaxies have evolved over the past eight billion years.
So it's like my one, you know, five second Pitch.
Wow. Well, I'm watching the crown on Netflix. So I'm pretty cool too.
Wow. How do you get into that? How do you get into Galaxy Evolution?
Um well, so it's kind of been like a long like non-traditional and nonlinear path actually because the first time I went to school actually I became a nurse and then while I was working as Nurse to like distract myself. I started reading like popular science books and came across Stephen Hawking and stuff and realize that like, this was like my actual passion in life. So I decided to go back to school and study.
So I'm actually an undergraduate in physics, but I'm in this astrophysics research group and next year. I'll go off to grad school for astrophysics. But basically I just went to One of the professors who was doing the most interesting research in my department and just like bugs him a bunch. And so he finally had room in his research group.
And so like he used to work at one of the world's largest telescopes and his old boss still works there. And so she does research in the field of Galaxy Evolution. And so that's how I came across it, but it's tough and then I've been involved in other other types of research to but Galaxy Pollution is definitely the one that I'm going to study in grad school and for the rest of my life.
So yeah, I say this lovingly. I am obsessed with Marvel Comics and once had the Star Wars encyclopedia memorized I say this with love, you're a nerd. You're a super nerd, huh?
Yeah, I'm definitely is the runners for sure you hang out with the nerdiest people on the planet.
Yeah.
Yeah. Definitely.
It's like awkward in most situations, but But like that's a place where I'm actually like socially graceful.
So it's pretty nice. Yeah. Wow. So what are some things about the evolution of the Galaxy that the Layman doesn't quite know I think lots of layman probably don't really know about the field in general but so like for my research specifically which was recently published congrats, what we did is we We thank you.
Yeah, what we did is we studied galaxies that live in what we call Galaxy clusters. So Galaxy clusters are just kind of what it sounds like thousands of galaxies that all orbit each other. They're all gravitationally bound and we compare them to galaxies that are basically all alone to see if the the different environments cause changes in their evolution.
So that's what I specifically study but It's actually a pretty broad field. You can study like the coevolution of like black holes and galaxies and you know, there's just like tons of different topics that people study.
Okay. Now first is the Milky Way part of a cluster or we stand on our own.
Um, we're kind of we're part of a supercluster a superconductor cover go super so it's just like really like there's you know clusters and then groups and there's and yeah, they're all orbiting each other. So yeah, I just knew about us.
Yeah Andromeda galaxy and I thought I was sparked just because I knew about the Andromeda galaxy because I knew the name. The next note.
Yeah.
No, that's pretty good. I would say lots of layman don't don't know about Andromeda. So now do you guys know will be awake you go very well you go for it you go for it. Oh, I was going to say did you know we're going to be colliding with Andromeda know like yeah, the Milky Way and Andromeda are like, you know flying towards each other and they're gonna Collide but not for like 5 billion years ago the room worry about it.
Then I'm not going to sweat. That yeah Humanity. We will have Global warmed ourselves right off the face of the Earth. Well before that happens, right?
Oh, yeah, probably.
Is there a chance that global warming means we're all dead in like six years.
I'm not a climate scientist. I don't think you would happen that quickly. I don't think so. But soonish just not that soon scientist kind of generally except, you know, we're killing the Earth like global warming is real and were killed were killed.
Humanity's going to die eventually because of how we are behaving that's like not even a thing people debate in the scientific world anymore, right?
Oh, yeah. It's definitely not it's not it's not a debate. It's it's happening actually one of my professors. He was an astrophysicist and then he switched to climate science actually because it Disturbed him so much. So we're just not doing this. We're just like, oh, yeah.
I know we all know that anyway, let's throw a plastic in the ocean.
Just fine with the eyes. It's literally insane. Now. Let me ask you.
I know one of the big questions that's on everybody's mind. Do we really even know what black holes do what they do what happened? What really happens if you fly into a black hole so I don't I don't know that much about that.
I know I've heard that you get like spaghettified. What do you like?
Yeah exactly what it sounds like you just like get Like elongated.
Yeah, I don't I don't know that much about that. I'm not as good as Neil deGrasse Tyson yet, but that's a question. We could ask him for sure if he definitely answers that a lot. But yes, but spaghettification where you just like get elongated if I don't ya I don't know too much about black holes though.
So you just focus mostly in the galaxies. I would think a black goes, okay. Okay, I'm just going to be dumb. I'm just gonna be dumb and ask all the dummy questions that are all me and all the other dummies want to ask. Is that? Okay?
Yeah, that's fine.
Okay, so you're my first question. Yo are aliens real aliens, right?
I mean, I think so statistically. I mean it just it would almost be crazier if there weren't aliens. So I definitely think there's aliens for sure because you're someone who knows about these this is an infinite amount of galaxies infinite.
Right.
I mean yeah, just yeah, we can't even see we can't even see how many galaxies are on so there's like billions that we know about and then there's there's stuff even beyond the observable universe, you know, so yeah, there's billions of galaxies. Yeah. So and each of those galaxies has, you know, billions of stars and each of those stars were finding out have planets and then many of those Those planets are habitable. And then if you also take into account that you know life could exist in another form than how you know, it doesn't have to be carbon-based life necessarily. So it seems pretty statistically impossible for there to not be life.
Man, this is blowing my mind crazy stuff. I'm pretty psyched.
Yeah, I love thinking about now.
When you say when you say we can see billions of other galaxies. This is not like we see photographs taken by Ultra powerful telescopes. Right is it? It's like you can track like magnetic pulses and and star gravity fields and stuff like that.
Well, so yeah, it would be through images. But we also we have telescopes that he in the radio and radio. The waves and X-ray and gamma-ray and in Optical I study Optical. I've also had some experiences with gamma-ray telescopes, but it's incredible. Yeah, so you can see galaxies and and across the whole electromagnetic spectrum.
Yeah, so you can just see you can look at a magnetic spectrum and just see cattle. And and what do you physically seeing you're seeing you seeing dots you're seeing disruptions or you're seeing actual images of Cease.
Yeah, so in the optical which is Optical light is just you know, the light we can see with our eyes, you know, you see galaxies just like the pictures from Hubble for example, and actually my research uses used Hubble Space Telescope to take images of galaxies that were eight billion light years away. So in even in my research, we use the images from Hubble to determine, you know, the size of these galaxies and the brightness Enos of the galaxies and we also use other techniques to determine the elements that are in those galaxies like how much hydrogen there is and how much carbon and iron and stuff like that.
Wow.
See you around but then in the oh, I'm sorry. No Hugo Hugo.
I'm interrupting cause I'm excited you go finish your thought.
Oh, well then in like x-ray x-ray and gamma-ray you can see it's not they're not as highly resilient like x-ray is not as highly resolved as as Like Optical pictures, but you still see like you can see like Spiral structures and stuff like that and then gamma ray, it's mostly just counting how many photons gamma ray photons are coming out of usually actually gamma rays, you don't really study galaxies that much expense except the supermassive black holes inside the galaxies, which I haven't done that when I studied gamma ray stuff with NASA internship. I studied like the Collision of Black holes and then Stars.
So are there other dimensions like a Multiverse?
Is that even say is that even a part of what you do? You just give such a smart answer? I thought maybe you would know I might just like the X-men too much.
I like the eggs went to this may be the least surprising thing that yeah, I'm definitely nervous. So Me too.
But I don't know much about that. I haven't gone into like that much theoretical astrophysics. I mostly like an observational person which just means that I like take data of like the actual universe and then decide what it means and I compare it to to for example theories that we have and models and stuff. But yeah, I don't know my I have heard about the Multiverse theories, but it's I believe it would be hard to prove or disprove. So it's kind of it's beyond our current technological capabilities to prove whether there's a Multiverse. I think so, but it's like it's definitely a possibility might there might be a Days of Future Past like to bring it back to the exponent.
Okay. Here's a good huh. Here's a question that I think might be on people's mind. So you're deep in this world from your perspective because I tell you I still go back and forth even though I'm a liberal Heathen. You're so many studies astrophysics. Do you think the universe is random or is there a Creator in your opinion?
That's a really deep question. Huh?
Yeah, we do here. That's what we do on this Chase deep.
Yeah, I have gotten that so I kind of think it's I I don't know. That's actually I'm in a weird place in my life to answer that question actually and it's something that I definitely have been thinking a lot about because recently because probably like over a year ago. I felt like there was some like or In the universe where there was some like like fate or something or like, you know, like I felt like the universe was kind of on my side and then recently it feels more random. So so I don't know. I don't think I'm prepared to answer that question yet something that I definitely think about a lot and I think people one thing I'm always surprised about is from what I've read.
It sounds like scientists actually a lot of scientists do actually think pretty hard about about this, you know, we have this perception of scientists as I am a man of science religion is something I reject but it sounds like in your field there. It actually does loop around and people do have to ponder this more often than we think.
Yeah, definitely, you know science is here to talk about the things that we can prove the things we can you know touch and observe and and so, you know religion and a Creator that's just something that you know science science is not there because to To prove or disprove that because it's something that you know is unprovable. It's something you know based on based. So but I definitely do think scientist you get philosophical at times. So you do get into pretty deep discussions with in rooms full of scientists.
Oh, yeah sounds intense Elon Musk. Cool is Elon Musk? Cool.
He seems pretty cool. Right you just want you to enter a rocket into space cause I'm launching his own. Yeah. Yeah and the heel and he landed them simultaneously. That was pretty cool. I think he could have sent something more useful than one of his cars into space though.
Yes. I wish he would hurry up and make those magnet trains.
Yeah, that would be pretty cool. Huh?
Yeah now hold on a second because I have to imagine as I'm like putting some puzzle pieces together. Most of the people you're around have been angling to do this their whole lives. Right? Like it is pretty rare for someone to live a whole life become a nurse. And then get into astrophysics, I would imagine most of the people you're around are like kids who are going to like camps for this stuff when they were like 12 and 13, right?
Yes. Yes. That is absolutely true. Yeah. Wow.
What so what's the deal?
I'm definitely what's the deal here?
There's a deal.
What's the deal?
There's deaf, right? Am I wrong? That's nice. You don't just throw all of a sudden get into what your two galaxies Galaxy evolution. Lucian and gamma-ray Photon mapping after living an entire other life. There's just it's just that's not like that's not that's not like a midlife crisis move. That's not like me being like Oh, I'm gonna um, I should sign back up for Jiu-Jitsu. He like I should just abandon my whole life to become an astrophysicist. That's not Where laughing we're joking.
Hey, what was gathered talking about in the intro get so grim and say well you're just gonna have to wait and see we'll get to that soon.
Is there anything worse than sitting in the waiting room of a repair shop or getting that call? You know, the one the one saying your car it's going to take two more days to fix it's going to cost hundreds more than they estimated. It's stressful. Okay. It's a stressful thing. I'm excited to be working with a service called your mechanic. Com your mechanic. Com send for the mechanic to you right to your home or your office.
They could be replaced. In my brake pads right now out my own driveway or recording this episode. Okay better yet your mechanic. Com. You get a quote up front the actual price you pay they'll even show you what it could cost to get the same repair elsewhere and they back up every service with a 12,000 mile 12 month warranty not to mention get full background checks to all their mechanics cannot send in somebody to your house to have checked out all these people have about an average of ten years on the of experience.
So just understanding for real people, okay? A high standards right to you at your door car won't start you check the that check engine lights on it's bugging you. Okay, you need a brake job. Whatever you need. You call today schedule an appointment visit your mechanic. Com stories mechanical Beyond it on their way to your home your office for a limited time.
You'll even get $20 off your first service call now 800 7 0 1 6 2 3 0 that's eight hundred seven zero one six two three zero. The US Postal Service is an important tool for any business can reach every household every day and stamps. Com brings all the amazing Services of the US Postal Service right to your fingertips by and print official US postage for any letter any package any class of mail using your own computer and printer stamps. Com makes it easy.
I'll send you a digital scale. Okay, automatically calculates exact postage doesn't get easier than that. And guess what they'll help you decide the best class of Mail based on your needs that always gets confusing right should be first class Media Mail all these different things. What do they mean?
They explain them help you pick no need to lease an expensive postage meter. No long-term commitments I use stamps. Com. You know, I'm at the end of the day. I'm a hustler but effectively running my own business my own small business my comedy. Yeah male things out. Sometimes you got to man laughs my wife males out records. I'm mailing out books, who knows what whatever whatever's on the docket and it just saves you time save you effort streamlines the Process who doesn't like having more of their time back in their day right now. You can enjoy the stamps. Com service with a special offer that includes a four-week trial plus Postage and a digital scale you go to stamps. Com. Click on the microphone at the top of the home page type in beautiful.
That's stamps. Com enter beautiful for a four-week trial plus Postage and a digital scale.
Thank you again to all of our advertisers going to go ahead and get back to the phone call That's not like me being like Oh, I'm gonna um, I should sign back up for Jiu-Jitsu. He like I should just abandon my whole life to become an astrophysicist.
That's not yeah. It was pretty it was pretty crazy that I did that so I am like 30, so I'm almost young enough to where I can like past as an undergrad. Like people my whole life have always thought I was younger than I actually was like when I was a nurse, for example, people would be like, you know get this 15 year old away. I'm not letting a child do medical procedures on me.
But hey, you know, I'm twenty but so I almost fit in but yeah, it is weird being like a thirty-year-old undergrad at a university full of you know, twenty most of my cohort is like 20 22. And also I grew up in I think the reason it took me so long to find my passion to find astrophysics that says I grew up in this really small rural town and actually Lee physics wasn't even offered in my high school.
And so when I was like and I also grew up really poor to and so when I graduated high school, I just I wanted I wanted to you know, I did want to make like a positive impact on my community, but I also needed to get out of poverty. So I just picked, you know a job that I could do both of those things and a job that I had seen people in my town. Do you know so That's basically how I became a nurse and then working as a nurse.
It was just really it was a really stressful job. I have a lot of respect for nurses. It has to be one of the hardest jobs ever, but the I couldn't really handle the emotional strain of it. And so I was like, oh, I'll start reading and you know, then I found physics and went back to school. Yeah. It's a pretty crazy story because you know, it would have been probably more logical to go back to like nurse practitioners. Cool or something than to start as a freshman physics, you know do that for four years and then now I recently got accepted into graduate school. So that's going to be another five.
So yeah, I really love it.
So that's awesome. It sounds like it sounds like based on your background. Maybe like you need to make some really practical choices coming out of the gate. But then once you get once you do that for a while and you'd find your footing and you've had a job for a while now you can Do something that's like a little bit more of like not in the field but in your life experience like a little bit more of like a dreamer situation like chasing the more dream one.
Yeah, exactly. Definitely. I had to be like very popsicle at first but once like all of my basic needs were taken care of and I wasn't in like survival mode anymore. I could I started thinking about okay, what do I actually want to do with my life? And and also actually I was one of the main reasons that I did it to you was because I was going to become a mother and I was trying to think about what type of mother I wanted to be and I knew that I wanted, you know my child to follow their passions and I thought you know the best way to show them, you know, that that's something you should do is to do it myself. So I just I wanted to be like an inspirational person for my son.
Wow now.
If I'm prying too much tell me to buzz off. But you said you said you were going to become a mother. Are you a mother?
Um, I so okay. So this is going to be a difficult question to answer. So I am so I can say this sentence and like very specific ways. And this is the way that I'm able to say it that I've worked with with my therapist. So I'm a widow and I'm a bereaved mother.
I'm so sorry.
Thank you. Yeah. Yeah, so yeah, I'm a bereaved mother. So that's like a question. It's hard to answer. You know, like I still feel like I'm a mother but also, you know, he you know, so like yeah, I'm a bereaved mother. That's how I can say it. Wow.
Well, you know, however much you'd like to talk about that. I'm happy to talk. But I also know that when tragedies happen it might not be something. Like to talk about so I leave that up to you. Okay?
Yeah, I'm open to talk about it.
But yeah, it was it was a tragedy and I'm not able to like I'm not able to talk about certain things still the like actually so I work at an observatory and the end this tragedy happened over a a little bit over a year ago just a little bit over a year now and this summer so this summer it was like, you know. No, it have been about six months. And and so I went and worked up at the observatory. And one of the people I worked with hadn't heard what happened, even though it was like on the news and everything, but he somehow didn't know he asked me. You know, how are the boys doing and I wasn't prepared for that. I assumed he must have found out somehow and I just I kind of freaked out. I I just started saying actually like probably for a couple whole minutes and Going back and forth and then I just like for the first time in like the last time I said it out loud and then like my vision started like blackening and like restricting kind of so, I like went to my room we were in like the astronomers residence.
So I went to my room and I actually like passed out. So I told my therapist about you know that happening and she was and I told her you know, I'm worried. I'm about to go to graduate school like at my current University. Everybody knows what What happened to me? So and so they can basically they don't talk to me about it, but they know because they know so nobody asks me like, you know questions like that. So but going off to grad school, you know, it's expected that people in Brussels, you know, start to have families and stuff. So these questions are going to search them up. So I've been trying to work on how do I how do I tell people this, you know, because often, you know, one of the things that you know made me I think was was the shock in his face made. It kind of made me go into shock again.
And also it's just it's just a hard thing to say out loud just because one of my coping mechanisms is actually pretending it didn't happen. And so when you say it out loud, it kind of makes it feel real which I know that it is but also at the same time I kind of don't know that it is I can't really explain it too. Well, but Greece is a very weird thing of course, of course.
everyone handles things differently and sounds like it was something you know, really traumatic and you know, we're living in a world where people talk about, you know, the effects of post-trauma more and more so Yeah.
Yeah, I have I was actually also like witness to the event. So I yeah, I have PTSD as well and like complicated grief and I don't know what all the things are. But yeah, PTSD is a huge part of it.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean I can't imagine I can't imagine my heart goes out to you. I'm very sorry.
Thank you. Yeah, I appreciate that.
I mean I wouldn't I would have to imagine that you know.
Currently pursuing a field. That's all about You know finding out how order comes out of chaos is probably not a coincidence. I would imagine that there's something that must be very appealing to that right now.
Yeah, definitely. Yeah. My my research has been one of the main things to get this year. It's been like a it's like a distraction. I think I've always used like learning as a distraction or as like a coping mechanism like When I was like young I loved school because it was it was basically a distraction from my tumultuous childhood. And then like I said was nursing to distract myself from this difficult job. I would you know read books and now my research is like isn't a great distraction for me. It helps me, you know, well, I get to leave I kind of get to leave the planet and also the Galveston's and studying like other galaxies and almost like time too. Really I get to escaped. I'm a little bit too. So yeah.
Yeah, I mean that is a That is a I have to say like when you when you're dealing with when you're dealing with something that's that's really unfathomable and brutal but imagine being able to escape the space-time Continuum itself is a pretty useful coping mechanism here. I also understand how Mike it now there's It Shine some light on why my question of my flippant question about if God is real.
Why you why you said, you know, it's a little more Layered then then then then then we're thinking about it right now. I understand that a little bit more as well.
Yeah, yeah, cuz I used to feel I felt so lucky. I had I literally had you know, the perfect life and for that to happen it felt like the universe had to align, you know, like, you know the way I met my husband and you know had my son like it just felt like we felt so lucky and then and then for something like this to happen, it just completely it just makes no sense.
It makes it's really unbelievable really like if I think about all the things that happened It's completely unbelievable to the point where I almost feel. Like I'm I'm watching a movie and all of these things are happening to this woman and she has no control over it like it kind of feels I guess it's called disassociation. So yeah, it kind of just doesn't feel real.
Maybe I guess that's a another coping mechanism that might not be healthy for the long term, but it's gotten me kept me.
Alive for a year at least so right and I mean You've mentioned a few times that you're seeing a therapist who clearly I would imagine the aim of that is to help you through this and help keep an eye on that and I think that something like this so she I'm no expert but I would imagine that something that's natural and expected and that sounds like you have, you know, such a good head on your shoulders and such a mind for logic and I'm sure that as that runs its course. It's a something you're keeping your eye on so, that's nice.
It's good.
Yeah. Thank you. Yeah helping you.
Do you have do you have like, I mean you had you'd mention that your childhood was a you know, do you didn't have much and sometimes I know that that can lead to chaotic homeless. Do you have other family who's helping you through the situation so that so this is so the story does get worse. Oh, no, no actually, so I really know how to pick the right. Topics. I know I really I'm really picking the hanging up on the winner questions this this this round could have still been five minutes ago. I was asking you of Elon Musk is cool. And now I see put my foot in it.
I apologize. Oh, no, it's fine. Well, so nine months before the tragedy my dad died and he was the person I was closest to growing up. But I also I have a very big family. Like I have seven brothers and sisters but five of them are much older than me like they're in their 50s and so like my core family growing up was like my mom and my dad and my younger brother and my younger sister and so like after the tragedy happened I couldn't afford to live in the house. I were living in with my family. So I moved in with my mom.
And I it's kind of a long story. So basically I found out well, basically I started suspecting that my brother was stealing from me. And so I confronted him about it. And I also confronted my mom and my sister about it and they were like, no, you know, that's not happening you're paranoid right now because you know of everything you went through and I was like, okay. Yeah, I guess it wouldn't make sense.
But so I guess the day that it happened was so me and my brother were under my husband's name for our cell phone bills. And so when everything happened we had to get a new we had to get new cell phones and so his girlfriend suggested that we just go under her name. So I was like, okay, so they set up my cell phone under her name. I don't remember why I didn't do it move in my own name. I wasn't really functioning at that point in time.
So and then so the first month of that the bill would do my brother asked me to pay it and I was like, oh actually I was thinking, you know, he owes me five over five thousand dollars. So I was like, you know, maybe you can start paying my cell phone bill like it's just 70 bucks a month. That's a pretty slow payback plan and I could really use it right now and he like didn't respond and then the next day my phone they turned off my phone and so I went to my mom and And ask them to like advocate for me that I wasn't really in a place to like defend myself and that you know, they knew he owed me all this money and that he should just pay it and they were like, no we're not going to do that and and I'm not the type of person to like yell at people like I never yell. I'm a very reserved person but at the time I was having a really hard time with my, you know, regulating my emotions and so I was really mad and I started yelling at them like Kind of at the top of my lungs and so they left and they went to my brother's house and a few days later. So this is actually the first time I had been alone since the the worst day and so, you know, I was alone for the first time but anyways a few days later. My mom sends me a Facebook message because my phone is off and tells me that I need to leave her apartment and find a new place to live by 5:00 p. M. And it was already know.
News, so I called my my nephew who's like around my age. So it's more like a cousin and he came and picked me up and I found my own apartment and everything. And so I was like living my own apartment and one night. I had actually drink too much more enriched. I don't do that frequently, but I had drank wine and I had remembered that.
I knew that my mom and my brother were really bad with technology and that they were always asking me to But change their passwords and stuff and so I'm ashamed to say that I like on the first try hack your like not hacked but I just like remembered their password. So I logged into their face book and I read all of the messages between my mom and my brother and my sister since the worst day and in those messages, I found out that not only did my brother still a thousand dollars from me to pay his rent my Sister was also stealing from me and my mom knew about it and was helping them hide it from me.
So.
I haven't talked to them for almost for like 10 months now probably so yeah, I kind of you know also lost does it I think another reason why I feel pretty disassociated or like maybe my life's not real because you know, I kind of I don't feel grounded. I don't have no most of my family and then I you know, I don't have the most important people in my husband and my Son, but also to make things worse, they didn't stop with that. They so like I mentioned I have a really large family and they started contacting everyone in my family telling them that they they did everything they could to help me but I was angry person now and I was going crazy and I didn't know what was real and I was making things up and they were like gaslighting me basically.
But going to all of my older brothers and sisters and all my cousins and instead of like contacting me and being like, oh, you know, we heard you're going through a hard time, like all of those people just kind of listened to them and believed it even though all of the things they were saying about me were just not something I would do ever and you know, so but I do have a couple of supportive family members like one of my older brothers and one of my older sisters have been very supportive and then One of a couple of my cousin's have been very supportive. But the majority of my family have been have made this terrible unimaginable situation even worse. So yeah.
Wow, I mean, I'm going to say something that sometimes I think Like I said, I say this as someone who's trying to be supportive and a shoulder to lean on right now, sometimes I find it helpful when people just don't sugarcoat. It's like I don't know that I've ever heard from someone who has taken as many Haymakers.
As you have let alone in such a short period of time and I just want to say, you know, we got 23 minutes that's just want this on record. Now the fact that you're on the phone with me the fact that you're someone who's, you know, pursuing lofty goals when all this is going on is such a victory and such an inspiring thing and you know, everybody listening right now. I can't imagine I can't imagine having to deal with Any of this let alone all of this, and I think it's just really badass that you're taking all those punches and that you're still standing.
I really do. Thank you.
Thank you very much.
I think that's a sentiment everybody out there agrees with I also think this is an episode where everybody's probably taken stock their own life and might need a little break and we have brakes built in this show and then we'll be back to finish off a very special phone call.
Today's Show is sponsored by talk space the online therapy company that lets you message a licensed therapist from anywhere at any time. I know you got a busy life. You got a lot of things packed in you got you got meetings. You got family obligations that you got everything you can imagine fitting anything else in right? Well guess what with talks based therapies easy says easiest sending your therapist a message you get something off your chest, whatever you need to talk about everyday challenges at work or at home chat about life, whatever you need. You don't have to commute anywhere.
To get a car on a subway leave your office. None of that. It was gonna judge yet. You don't have to overthink it. All you need is a computer with an internet connection or the talk space mobile app and you can improve your mental health. Remember therapy is not to have to be melodramatic venting your innermost thoughts or digging into your childhood memories. It's practical everyday advice Stress Management live a happier life.
Take some weight off your own shoulders. Come on do it having a therapist provides you a designated person for you to talk to his trained to listen. Sania they go to school to learn how to listen to you. Help me make some positive changes and talk space has over 2,000 licensed therapist to experience in addressing life challenges. We all face to match with a perfect therapist for a fraction of the price of traditional therapy. Go to talk space. Com slash beautiful use the code beautiful to get $45 of your first month show your support for the show.
That's beautiful at talk space. Com slash beautiful.
Thanks again to all of our advertisers help us put this Out to the world now, let's finish off the phone call.
And I think it's just really badass that you're taking all those punches and that you're still standing. I really do. Thank you.
Thank you very much. Yeah.
Honestly with my family because with the tragedy know my obviously the my biggest emotion was like, you know depression sadness. I don't actually those words don't even describe it to be honest, but it's really hard to do things with those types of emotions like a lot of the time I laid in a dark room on the couch, you know, I did a lot of that so but when everything happened with my family I I got angry and an ain't anger. The thing about anger is it's a very energizing emotion. So I just try I just tried to take the anger and point it towards something positive and I was like, okay, like I don't know what they're trying to do to me, but they clearly don't want what's best for me. So I'm just going to try to you know, do what's best for me and somehow that Speights them that shouldn't fight. Your family, you know, just, you know do something positive for yourself, but I feel I honestly feel like me succeeding in something, you know, somehow spikes them. So that's what I'm choosing to do with this anger that I have for what they've done.
So yeah.
Yeah, and and that's not like you that's not a thing you need to even explain or apologize for even that much like you're allowed to get angry, you know, whatever happened. I mean whatever happened you refer to it multiple times as the worst day and sounds like there's no one who would debate that even not knowing the facts of the matter.
You're allowed to get angry. Sometimes putting your fist through a fucking wall is one of the most productive things you can do and your You're allowed to do that. You don't have to apologize for that and it's it's making me pissed off too, because because your you know your family members that reached out and tried to sort it. Do this. Smear campaign to say. Oh you're so angry.
Even if you were being paranoid, which you were not I feel like anyone who heard that the rational response should be like, yeah, of course, let's step in and help. Yeah. Oh really? She's angry. You don't say you don't say Yeah, that's yeah, that's what my older brother like.
That's basically what he told me. I went and visited him because we weren't close before just because he's so much older than me and him and my dad didn't have the best relationship. So but he I went down there and he's like, honestly, I don't know how he's like, I was expecting you to go and do crazy things and I'm like, I'm actually like shocks that you haven't done anything crazy. He's like when I invited you into my home, I was like, okay she might break.
All of the dishes in my kitchen and I would just hug her if she did that, you know. Yeah, it's very nice to have people like that who you know, you know say things like that and then my my closest the people who some of the people who have helped me the most were actually like my childhood best friends who I actually haven't talked to you in probably like almost ten years, but then this happened and they all like came up and they've been super supportive. But yeah, my you know, one of my childhood best friend, she said the same thing she was just like like on that she was there a lot with when I was living with my mom and she was watching like my family try to guilt me into like paying their rent and stuff because the try the tragedy was, you know, it was on the news and somebody made a go fund me and it made it made like 20,000 dollars.
So they were looking at you know, looking at that and saying like, oh, she can take care of all of us now not realizing that that's not a lot to live off. When you are incapable of working for you know, I haven't been able to work the past year. So yeah. Yeah, so but anyways back to my friend. Yeah, she was around and they were like guilty me a lot about their rent and stuff like that. And she was like, I can't believe you haven't like freaked out on them. Like, how are you staying so calm and I was like, what are you talking about? She's like they're literally guilting you like every chance they get their telling you about their problems.
When you're the one who actually has problems. It's only been, you know, a month or two since everything happened. So it was really good to have her perspective it actually my favoritest to because if it wasn't for My best friend in my in my therapist. I don't know that I would have seen what they were doing to me. And I think I would have, you know, ran out of money and I wouldn't have been able to pursue school, which is the only thing keeping me alive right now.
So thank God for that. I was just going to say you got nothing to apologize whatever you've been through again. Just you know, just based on what you've told us just just just referring to it as the track every time you say the tragedy. It's like pulls my heart out of my chest. Right there. Most people are going to wind up, you know flipping out or on drugs or in prison and you're someone strong enough. That's like fuck it. I'll become an astrophysicist. That's that's a demonstration of a strength that most people could not summon and it sounds to me like it's for the best that your family has has, you know has moved on from your life because you you have every right.
To to be in the gutter if you wanted to and no one should judge you for that. Let alone the fact that you're a human Photon blips on gamma rays, so you can attract Galaxy Evolution. So whoever have whoever whoever is giving you a hard time. And anyway, I say fuck them.
Thank you. That's really nice to hear. I'm like crying and laughing at the same time. I don't know how that's happening, but welcome to beautiful.
Anonymous welcome to beautiful Yeah, thank you.
Yeah, cuz before I like, you know logged into their Facebook's I was you know, sitting alone in my apartment, which was a pretty sad experience, but and I was just thinking like okay be logical what's going on did your family really, you know still from you after this happened like that? That doesn't seem like that doesn't seem real. Maybe I am being paranoid. Maybe I am crazy. Now that actually makes more sense than them stealing from me. So Started feeling really guilty. And you know, I was thinking of apologizing to them but then I needed a data so I checked their Facebook and and then it was undeniable. You know, I have the proof and that's the other funny thing is I have this proof, but I'm not like sending it around, you know doing a schmear campaign like they did against me like it.
It's just it's crazy.
It took screengrabs though, right? I hope you took some screen grabs.
Oh, yes. I took screen grabs because I knew I Know Myself and I know that eventually it's already happened. I start to feel guilty and sad for them. And then and that's when I you know, would normally let him back in my life. So I just read the screenshot and then I'm like, oh, yeah, this is never happening because also they they sent me they've also sent me terrible emails and like, you know to me like my mom told me that I was dishonoring.
My husband and my son with my life and what I'm doing and whoo.
Whoo.
Whoo, that's literally like the worst thing you could say to me. That's literally like and I know she knows that she knows that that's the worst thing you could say to me. So, you know reading that, you know, I read and stuff like that and reading the things they were saying to each other about me when I was going through what I was going through. I just I had to take screenshots just so I would Have it as a reminder. Like I can these people cannot be in my life.
Oh, yeah, and the next time when your siblings or cousins as you know, I heard all this crap about you you can say. Oh, yeah, let me attach a file to an email. Check this out whose side are you on now? Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, and I mean I am so sorry. Thank you. So sorry. What's your favorite? What's your favorite Galaxy that you found?
My favorite Galaxy had a favorite Galaxy. Yeah, so up at the observatory. I operate this telescope and the public is welcome to come up and look through my telescope. It's not my telescope. It's our universities telescope. But and so my favorite Galaxy to show to people is called the whirlpool Galaxy and or M51. One it's a really low quality.
Let's go looks kind of like a Whirlpool I guess and it's like there's another galaxy actually right next to it. That's a much smaller galaxies and they're in the process of like a merger like or at least they're sharing their gravitationally interacting and I think they have like this they're sharing matter between them because of the gravity gravitational force and everything. So, yeah, it's just really pretty you should look it up Hubble has some has taken some really Images of it tell you what if you I mean you are clearly someone who has earned the right to be in denial and hide out and you have picked the absolute best choice of academic study if you need to just zone out and go somewhere else.
What was that?
I said you certain broke up for a second. You've you've earned the right you have earned the right to just be in denial and try to just like put your brain somewhere else and you have picked the perfect course of study for that. Huh? Just hearing you just don't know yet. We just Googled M51. We're looking at that Whirlpool Galaxy right now. It's beautiful. It's all purple and blue purple and blue. I like that, huh?
Yeah, that's my view.
There's my academic assessment is purple Liam blue. That's what I got to offer.
All of the purple and blue parts are areas where Active Star formation that's happening. So that just means a bunch of baby stars are being born. So Sounds cute, but it's actually pretty violent so sounds cute, but it's actually pretty violent.
Somehow feels like a some nation of our experience over the past 48 minutes started off awfully cute and then I got it became a maelstrom.
We got about 12 minutes left and I'm here for you. Whatever you want to talk about.
Okay, I'm not sure. What should we talk about?
I don't know. If you have any more stuff you want to get off your chest. You can do that. I can ask you more about the Stars. I can ask you other dumb questions. Sounds like we both like the X-Men I can do that. I am here for you.
Have you watched the Black Panther yet?
I'm going tonight. I got tickets known our and 46 minutes. Awesome.
Yeah, it's it's probably the best movie ever.
Can't wait tell you to I went and picked up the It's early because I knew I was going to pack that two tickets left in the front row got them for me and Hallie. I don't even care because I know that's going to be packed out theater that's flipping out sitting front row hurt me. I hurt my neck for that.
Yeah, yeah, it's worth it to have to see it. Yeah, wait. Okay wait, so you're a comic book nerd do I never liked red?
I guess I never read comic books actually, so I'm ashamed to say but I've watched the movie since I was like little so most people are ashamed to say that they do read the comics but Steve I faced with that shame every day.
Yeah, I guess when you're hanging out with Nerds all You know you're saying is different than the general population.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, you get bullied for not reading comics.
Yeah. Do you like the PE like the people in your program or is it the type of thing where part of what appeals is? Like you can just be a loner right now stick your head in the telescope and not talk to anybody.
Well, so yeah, actually I love all of the people I work with they've been they've been actually through. This whole term this whole tragedy. They've been very very supportive like obviously so I was going to school I was thinking like physics classes classical mechanics and electricity and magnetism when the worst day happened and so I obviously had to drop out of my classes and I thought that that meant that I was going to have to wait an entire year for those classes to come back around again, so it was going to like delay my graduation by a year, but my They're at the time, you know was super supportive and she offered to let me take the class independently and finish it within a year.
And so like by summertime I was able to like because when you experience a trauma, you can't really focus very well. You can't like I couldn't read things and comprehend them at first and so it took a while for my brain to be able to like read things and comprehend them again. And so but by summer I was able to do that. So like over the summer I no finished those classes so that I could take you know, the the Year this year of classes which is quantum mechanics and and then also like my research advisor, you know, I've known him for like three years now or I guess for years now and so they haven't really been like emotionally supportive but I think it's because they know that's not really their place kind of like my research, you know, my relationships with them are Professional so but he did tell me one day he's like, you know, I want this he's like I tried to put myself in your shoes and I just imagined that you just have no stability in your life right now. So I want you to know like you have stability here. Nothing.
Nothing changed here. Like you're still the lead researcher of my research group and like this can be your stability. And and so that's kind of what it's what it's been that that's really exactly what I needed. And so they've and then you know multiple for many all of the professors in the department like this year, you know, I had a new professor who I hadn't met before and I was like, okay, how do I tell him what I've been through and that I might need, you know, I might need a day off here and there, you know, but actually my professor from last year. She already told my professor for this year told him, you know, like the student is going through this so she might need like extra help and so Actually on the one-year anniversary I email them. I was like, I can't I can't come to school this week. Like I'm really messed up.
Can I like turn my homework in later? And he's like, yeah turn it in whenever you want and let me know if there's like anything else do you mean so they've been like very supportive? It's crawl til my University. Yeah, the university paid for the funeral they helped organize it. So yeah, they were just like all of the science departments the head of the Department's all pitched in.
To help pay for for the location and the catering and everything for the funeral. So I'm actually overwhelmed by the support I've received like when everything happened with my family, my therapist actually asked me one time like had so like have you given up on humanity? And you know at first I was like I think so, maybe you know, that's what was going on in my head. I was thinking about my family and everything, but then you know if you About all of this complete strangers who have helped me. It's been it's been overwhelming like they've been I tell them that they're the little lights in my My Darkest place like one woman, even she started a go. She read a story about me that was in my University's magazine about the NASA internship that I did and she wanted to help me keep going through school. So she actually set up a Separate go fund me just to help fund my schooling and now me and her like best friends. And then it's like I've actually became friends with lots of other widows and other bereaved mother's which is obviously not a way that you want to start a friendship, but I'm really glad I have all of those those people and like I said before like the GoFundMe made $20,000 like that was all you know, a lot of strangers and people that I don't even know like donated to that so People really do come together and help support people through tragedy in that that's really helped keep my view of humanity at least neutral but probably leaning towards the positive even so well, I'll tell you my end on a similar note.
I will say, you know, I you mentioned very early that talking about the tragedy can trigger panic attacks and has happened. So I have not wanted to pry I've left that. Up to you I will say so I not even knowing what happened. I will tell you this is that I will say a lot of people listen to this podcast and I know it has not been easy for you to talk about any of this stuff near this level, but I will say I am positive that there are other people out there right now who have who have lost husbands of lost children who have a lot of trouble processing that and I have a real strong feeling that your strength In the face of it as helping them right now.
So while I die, well, I don't know personally what you're going through. I do know the effect this podcast can sometimes have or people take something from it. And I I sometimes feel like helping others is one of the greatest ways to get over your own pain and I do really hope you know that that you're very strong and there's people hearing that right now and I'm sure it's helping them find strength as well.
Thank you. Yeah, that was that was kind of my intention.
That's why I thought I'd call you just because I think you know the the bereaved mothers and the widows in my life II know that you know them helping me, you know makes them somehow feel better it and so, you know, I'm just trying to like pay it forward a little bit and hoping to hopefully help others who have gone through, you know, something similar because you really do have You really do have a different perspective like when like when you talk to other people have experienced things like this. It's it's just different talking to somebody who's experienced it versus someone who hasn't so it's really helpful to be able to have access to people who who have been through something like this.
Yeah. I have about three minutes left and I'm I'm wow. Really? Yeah this one flew, huh? This one flu. Yeah.
Yeah, I was so nervous. And now I feel so calm. I guess that's no that's why you're good at what you do?
Huh? I'm just winging it at the end of the day. I'm just winging it like the rest of us.
It is three minutes. What do we talk about in three minutes?
I don't know. I do I have to say I just want to reiterate there's something so, you know, not not to be glib but there is something extremely fascinating and Charming about the idea that the world your world for a year now has just been the fucking worst and you have managed to sidestep that just a tiny bit by literally focusing on other worlds.
Yeah other other galaxies you have had to go live in another galaxy for the bezier.
That's that's how you have to stay safe is actually transport yourself as often as possible to other galaxies to avoid the crushing bullshit of life. Yes, definitely.
I'm pretty mad at at Planet Earth right now.
So yeah, I hate your family. I'm not going to lie. I personally it's probably an appropriate to send but you know, it's almost like I'll tell you whatever happened with your son and husband I can't imagine and but I will say that the shittiness of your family after that makes me personally want to start punching people in the face.
So yeah.
Yeah, I know. I pondered that.
But yeah, maybe that's why I joined the women's self defense. Yeah, look at that.
What's your favorite techniques? They've taught you well, so his favorite take technique is eye gouging.
Oh, yes. Apparently, it's very effective for self-defense. So it's actually like really violent, but I guess that makes sense. But so we haven't learned much Jiu-Jitsu. So I guess my favorite was I learned I we learned how to like put Well in like a Stranglehold to where like you could make them pass out and even like if you needed to you know, you could he told us we could actually even kill people that way which obviously he said, you know, obviously you only do that if you are fearing for your own life, but actually most of the time you just you can like make somebody pass out like that.
That's crazy. I didn't know it was like so easy. It's kind of scary actually.
Yeah, we learned some of those in Jiu-Jitsu as well. Got 30. So what's your favorite my favorite is let's see. What do I like I like the Kimura armbar from bottom half guard. I'll let anybody who's a nerd about YouTube flip after I just said that listen we got about yeah, we got 20 seconds left and from the bottom of my heart. I want to say thank you.
I want to say that in the small way that I'm able to I'm proud that I was able to be there for you. And and I'm sure there are so many people taking strength in your strength right now. I can't think you enough for that.
Thank you for for talking to Mia. So I actually feel better now. So yeah, thank you very much.
It was an honor and I'm so happy to hear that. I helped in any way. Yes, definitely did.
Caller, you're one of the real ones that are always remember backward and forward and I am certain that I'm going to face adversity over and over again in my life. And I just pray that I can face it with the grace and strength that you have faced your adversity. I mean, that's so honestly, thank you for calling sharing your story. I know it wasn't easy.
Jerry O'Connell Barry Nelson in the booth. Thanks to the Reverend John Bell or got a cold. I'll build this show. Thank you. Shall shag for the music One know more about me. Chris get. Com is the website you like the show go to a podcast rate review subscribe. It really helps when you do that's all the business. I'll see you next time.
Support for today's show comes from your mechanic. Com your mechanic. Com sent the mechanic right to you at your home or your office better yet. Get a quote up front and it's the actual price you pay nobody's gonna I was gonna play that game it give you a quote. That's what you pay. That's nice your car won't start. Maybe that check engine lights on it's bugging you you call 870 ro16 two-30 today to schedule an appointment or visit. Our mechanic. Com stories for a limited time. You'll even get $20 off your first service call now 800 7 0 1 6 2 3 0 whatever you're wearing right now Mac. Wheldon is better. Mac. Weldon is a men's Essentials brand that believes in smart design premium fabrics and simple shopping. They got all kinds of stuff guys. They got shirts. They got underwear. They got socks. I tell you I wear. Their stuff and I love their stuff. You've heard me talk about this before I got pair of their socks. That's my favorite pair of socks their underwear. I look good in it. My wife says it's a flattering cut. They got the silver underwear antimicrobial. They eliminate odor. They want you to be comfortable. You don't like her first pair of keep it they'll still refund you no questions asked go to Mac Weldon. Com get 20% off using promo code beautiful.
May 25th 2017 206 am home.
I grew up really poor him a small rural town.
I went to school to be a registered nurse to get myself out of it out of poverty after I graduated I met the most interesting person and after a week of knowing him he went to prison we fell in love through writing letters to each other. And when he got out we eventually got married and had a son when my son was born. I decided to go back to school to pursue my real passion in life, which is astrophysics and during my final year in Austria physics, my son and husband died in a tragic accident and now I don't know what this is rice husband's favorite podcast.
Next time on beautiful Anonymous a young man trapped between two distinct cultures tells us his views on both. I think you could probably tell that I don't really sound Japanese. No, I didn't say that. I was yeah, I mean when when you said you were born and raised there and are not the child of expats. I'm actually shocked by that you sound like you're from Southern California.
Yeah. Yeah, I get that a lot.
It's created this really weird dynamic where when I'm hanging out with people that are purely Japanese that went through the whole Japanese educational system. They think that I'm a foreigner.
They don't really see me as Japanese and when I hang out with people from America or anywhere outside of Japan, they see me as Japanese so there was a time and I'm still going through it, but I don't really know what my identity is. That's next time on beautiful anonymous.
Hi, I'm Cameron Esposito.
And I'm Rhea Butcher and we are stoked to bring our long-running stand up Podcast put your hands together to Earwolf.
Yay, every week. We record pbht live here at the UCB theater in Los Angeles recently. We've had sets or chats from folks like Sarah Silverman and Hari kondabolu. We've had here wolf faves like Paul Tompkins James Adomian. Nicole Byer is the opportunity to be at a live stand-up show hosted by two wives in. Ears, wherever you live you can listen or subscribe right now on Apple podcast Stitcher or Earwolf. Com This has been an Earwolf production executive produced by Scott Aukerman Chris Bannon and Colin Anderson for more information and content visit Earwolf. Com.
Have you ever need a doctor late at night or when you're traveling tell the doc gives you 24/7 access to board certified doctors anytime anywhere for non emergency conditions. They are board certified doctors can diagnose treat and prescribe medication when medically necessary tell the doc is available through most insurance or employers at $45 or less of visit download the app today or visit tala doc. Com stories to register today. That's T Ela DLC. Com. Calm / stories
A young grandmother with a family tree that involves some unusually complicated math talks with Gethard about rolling with the punches and rising above the obstacles that life puts in her way. This episode is brought to you by Mack Weldon (www.mackweldon.com code: BEAUTIFUL), Halo Top, and Talkspace (www.talkspace.com).
READ LESS
Here's a thing. Nobody ever asks you to do. I want you to think about your underwear underwear you're wearing right now. Is it sitting right? Is it comfortable? Whatever you're wearing right now. Mac. Weldon is better baby. Mac weldon's a premium men's Essentials brand that believes in smart design premium fabrics and simple shopping not only to Mac weldon's underwear socks and shirts look good. They perform well, too. They got a line of silver underwear and shirts that are naturally antimicrobial. That means they eliminate odor. If you don't like your first pair you keep it they'll refund you no questions asked I'm wearing Mac weldon's right now.
Every time I have a big show, I wear them because they give me a lot of confidence. They feel good. They fit good. They never bother me high-end stuff at affordable prices. You can't go wrong. I love him. You want 20% off your first order visit Mac Weldon to come enter promo code beautiful at checkout Halo top is changing the way people eat ice cream one scoop at a time. I got a freezer full of the stuff not because they hooked it up because they're an Advertiser because my wife loves it and she got me addicted to it. I love it at only.
You're 82 360 calories per pint Halo top has less calories than traditional ice cream, but still tastes incredible. It's delicious and creamy just like ice cream should be with over 20 flavors to choose from Halo top has a flavor for every mood from regular flavors, like chocolate and vanilla bean to other mouth-watering flavors, like cinnamon roll get out of here with sit. That's I'm gonna get that today candy bar. It's another flavor pancakes and waffles. This is good stuff. I have it in my freezer. I was eating at the other day. It is delicious Halo tops of a double Nationwide find your pint at Halo top. Com or on social media at Halo top Creamery Halo top. Com say goodbye to guilt say hello to Halo top.
Hello to everybody who forgot to record this part in the studio. So you have to do it on your phone in a bar. It's beautiful Anonymous one hour one phone call, no names no holds bar.
I'd rather go one-on-one. I think it'll be more fun.
Is it Tuesday already? It must be Tuesday here. We are another episode of beautiful Anonymous show where a shoulder people call some guy on the phone and the guy reacts and sometimes tries to be funny when appropriate Wild. In in the world has a chance to get up on a soapbox and platform and just tell us who they are what they're thinking about what they're dealing with what their past has been like and man. Am I lucky to do this?
I tell you I was doing shows in Syracuse New York this past weekend. It was at a mall. It was at a giant mall. One of the biggest malls in the United States. The comedy club was across from a Margaritaville and next to a Dave & Buster's. This is true. Not my usual. Usually they send me to like the hip hip Punk Rock part of town. I'll do a music venue or something like that. Now I want to do the club's man. I want to get out there and like do you know grind out a bunch of shows over bunch of days and just like maybe some of them people who don't have anyway point being I got to meet so many people in Syracuse and it was so nice. It was so nice to meet all of you.
Thank you to the people who who brought me things. Thank you to the people had kind words to say about the show. Someone brought me some homemade toys featuring Wolverine and Nightcrawler of the X-Men. Also, here's a first here's a first because we in you'd the beautiful Anonymous tradition of Huggers. We got some Huggers in this gang while you guys are Huggers at the you want hugs and I'm happy to give you a hug and you're always so nice about ago. I listened to beautiful Anonymous. I really need a hug and what a nice thing. I don't ever mind that if I'm sitting there trying to hustle sell my pre-orders in my new book, which is out by the way, the pre-orders you can get the pre-orders. It's out in October you get the pre-order now, who cares? Anyway, here's the first someone approaches me. She goes have brought something for you to sign.
You think she's gonna bring a copy of my record out? Maybe my other book out. Nope for the first time ever ladies and gentlemen Syracuse New York. I signed a box of Thomas's English muffins. This thing has gotten Larger than life itself signing up going out on the road telling jokes sign of boxes in English muffins, and they said my who and I Oh, I thought my dreams could never come true and then they did who knew I I'm always plug and shows on here now because I'm going out a bunch. I'm I tell you I don't have anything coming up pressingly. I will say if you're in New York my New Yorkers my hometown my home face. My people I'm doing a full hour comedy at the Fat Black Pussycat Lounge The Comedy Cellar owns it it's a Space great environment for comedy. It's only 70 seats five dollar tickets. I said you keep them cheap. I'm going to get my people in haven't really plugged it online yet. I'm going to get that lift this episode drop first. So if you're a New Yorker you want to come see it. I'm letting this hit I won't even be tweeting this out until later today, maybe even Wednesday with the beautiful and honest friends have the first crack at these sweet-ass five dollar tickets. If you want Comedy Cellar. Com, all the other dates are Chris gifts. Com.
That's all the Shilling last week's episode. So die cry on the toilet. So it's funny that feedback that one so nice. I will say two things that jumped out one guy who's like, hey, why'd you name the episode that and he's like it wasn't a that was the thing about you crying all the toys usually and I'm not gonna lie that seems like a title that's going to get people to click baby. I would download a thing about crying on the toilet, but Jarrod and I text about here's some behind the scenes info you guys like the behind scenes info Jared generally picks the names the episodes because he takes the audio he edits them and then things jump out and Very often I don't even know what they're called until they go up and then every once in a while I get to put some input in and he said I think this is the funniest option I said, yeah, who cares I cried on the toilet that day and I talked about it. Let's go with it behind the scenes throw here throwing Jared under the bus.
Hey, this week's episode really really interesting situation. A lot of you guys. Remember we did an episode of famous for New Year's right? It was our New Year's episode people called in and got like one minute at a time. Someone got back through we heard the One minute preview on the New Year show and then this caller got back through you might remember the bullet points of the minute-long call this a grandmother.
Who's only 39 years old. This is someone who I tell you I loved this call. She's got such a great attitude such a great spirit such a great energy. And I love that. She was able to tell her whole life's kind of like this math problem and and not problem in a problematic way. But in a way we are like, how does the logic on that worker her?
Math of her grandkids age and her age and her grandkids mom's age. You just hear it. You're like wait what fascinating story she shared the whole thing with us and she was so cool also stopped halfway through to ask me a bunch of questions, which I thought was very adorable that I hope you guys enjoy because I'm slightly embarrassed by it.
The grandma are 39 year old grandma did follow up afterwards and said and want to just us to share and I think this is totally fair just wanted me to know hi Chris Grandma here. Excited also terrified my episodes coming up next week after we got off the phone started thinking about our conversation started thinking about how my son's girlfriend would feel she heard the episode. I remember saying some nice things about her. I wondered if it would come off that I was making fun of her because of her age hoping it would be understandable from my perspective that initially it was quite a shock to hear they were dating especially when I first made the call during the New Year's episode when the information was still fresh, but if you haven't recorded the intro yet. I hope you could add some information that's very important for me for people to hear getting to know her as a person has been a beautiful experience. She's kind and compassionate.
Such great mother and such a beautiful soul. I feel so lucky and privileged to be able to welcome her as part of our family even though our family situations unconventional. I'm so happy life ended up this way and she said so many things like that in the episode but wanted to reiterate them because as you will very soon here. This is one of the sweetest most giving people I've ever talked to in life. Let alone on this show. So too are 39 year old grandmother. I figured I'd just read it word for word.
Everybody listening I think is going to tell right away that you love your kid. You love your grandkid. And you love your grandkids mom, and so nice of you to reach out happy to put that out there to help soothe the nerves, but you got nothing to worry about you're the nicest you're the best loved this call. You're going to love it, too. Can't wait to see what you think and the Facebook Community.
Talk to you soon.
Thank you for calling beautiful Anonymous a beeping noise will indicate when you are on the show with the host. East hello. Hello. Hi. How are you? I'm great. How are you doing today? Am I doing I'm feeling okay. I just went today. I emptied out my office from the TV show. That's what I did with the first half of my gun.
But I tell you what. Wow hard to be said when you get to come in and follow it up with the greatest gig in the world. Beautiful Anonymous. Oh, it's so true. Right? I mean my lucky so amazing. Is it to be able So amazing to be able to talk to people like this and make such a drastic. I don't know. What's the word I'm looking for not Improvement, but just an impact on people's lives. Well, that's nice.
Pretty awesome. I just feel lucky talk to people and that's my gig just get to talk to nice people like you it's the dream a dream. Now. How about you? How are you doing? Wow! Oh my gosh. Well pretty excited right now.
Wow, what a week. I've been having And yeah, I mean, I guess if I think about this like I've always thought about all the things that I would say if I ever got on and that I'd want to keep things happy and exciting and like joke around and have a great time with you because I think we could totally do that and we can and on the other hand. I've been having the week so, okay. I guess I can just tell you a little bit about that and then we can discuss that and then move on now I should should I point out maybe I think Jared told me I think we you and I have spoken before but very briefly is this true.
This is so correct. And I'm so excited about this you were one of the colors we did an episode. Was it for? What? Was it for the New Year's or the hot New Year's right? Like we had people just called. Yeah and and whole bunch of people got through you for one. In it what a funny thing and I I know right. I mean, this is pretty awesome. I get to speak with you twice in my life and remind me. What was what was your resolution? Which one? Were you?
Okay, so my resolution was that my son had just told me the month before that. He was going to be having a baby and that I was I just turned 39 and I was going to be a grandma and that there was some interesting episode were some interesting circumstances surrounding the the pregnancy and and all of that that I'm he my son is 23 and his girlfriend is now 43, which means she's older than me.
So I was having a hard time kind I trying to wrap my hand my head around that I am sorry to laugh. But yeah, that's Age is just a number in your house, huh?
So true, you know what? I feel like my life has just flipped around a hundred and eighty degrees since out phone call talk to so whatever. Okay, I want it. I don't want to limit it to that. There's so many questions. I was a but first things first is everybody healthy is everybody healthy and happy at all that everything is so wonderful Chris. I am so happy. I'm we are also lucky everything is amazing that the baby is So beautiful and I am so in love with that little baby that's makes you know, I didn't I didn't know how I was gonna feel.
Yeah, because again just to reiterate just to make sure I have all my numbers in a row. You're 23 year old son had a baby with a 43-year old woman and you are 39. Yes. Correct. Damn Damn, right. I'm like, oh my gosh. I wonder how many times in the history of life. This has happened. I'm sure it has happened. I'm sure that they maybe he's been a couple hundred years seems like a thing that used to happen more back in the day.
Wow. So you tell me where you want to sir. We can talk about that or anything else. You had also said you were having a week. So whatever you want to talk about you let me know. I'm gonna bring that back up. Yeah. I know I know we have to go there. Okay, so let me just tell you about my week and then we can look so my dad three weeks ago. He I got a phone call that he was in the emergency room and that he had had a free bleed in his brain. And and so it's this genetic condition. Send that we both share. It's actually like oh my gosh, this is a whole other thing that like they've been able to track this genetic mutation back to like the 1500 with Hispanics in New Mexico. Right? It's like see this very Niche genetic mutation. And then when I found out about it, I was like, oh my gosh, I'm like a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle. It's pretty awesome means I'm a mutant got this mutation and it's been passed. So long from like generation to generation my Grandma had it my dad had it. I have it now my son has it because he also got DNA tested. And so it's this mutation that causes lesions in the brain and sometimes those Legions bleed hand when there's a bleed then you get effects that can range anywhere from like a headache to like essentially a stroke, you know seizures all of that fun stuff. I'm so sorry. So yeah. Yeah. Well that was a whole other. You know, when I found out is now found out about that. I had that mutation and when I was I think about 30 and so that was that was some stuff trying to wrap my head around mortality and life and you know what it all meant.
But so my dad had a bleed and this one was fairly severe this time. I'm and it caused him to be hospitalized and he doesn't really remember. His memory is completely affected like from I could tell him something in five minutes later. He'll forget that what we're talking about or you know that we've had a that we had a conversation the day before about something and so not only that but you can't sit up you can't walk.
And so he's been in the hospital and like doing physical therapy and rehab and stuff for the last three weeks and he finally gets to go home today, but he's going home with 24 hour care now and we have to you know, like help them to the bathroom and get in the bed and all of that and so it's just going to be a completely life-altering thing.
Absolutely. Hoping that it's temporary. Yeah. Yeah, so that's been my week. Yeah, I mean, that's pretty that's a brutal to see to you know, anytime. You have a loved one deal her medical condition. It's brutal and I would have to imagine not to be morbid but also knowing that it's a condition you share that much just feel like an extra extra just sobering thing to see.
Yes. It's so true because it happened in my grandma and she was fairly Young. Well, and she left a good probably 15 years in a wheelchair and my dad had to take care of her and I think that's probably been something that's like weight on my mind a lot and wait on his mind a lot. And now I'm sure we waiting on my son's mind a lot and then he just had a baby, you know, so then there's that thing that there's a 50% probability that now this terrible thing has been passed on to Beautiful little baby as well.
Anyway don't really want to think about that. But of course, I'm so sorry, but I'm so sorry. So great when you think about like, yeah, you know the future and what life holds for you in the future.
Yeah, yeah hell of a week. I hope to provide some distraction in the middle of what sounds like a rough.
Yeah. Yeah, so she's 43, huh? So she's 43. Yes. Let's go back to that topic. What's that conversation? Like when your son is like I want you to meet my girlfriend. She graduated God. You were in high school. What's that like?
It was the most awkward.
And eating a person that I have ever had and I feel like I'm a real people person, you know along with other people and like oh my gosh, what do I do? She's gonna come over. What do I say?
I'm she came over and I tried my best to be so nice and so welcoming and try to just really be empathetic and loving And she turned out to be a beautiful very warm person. Well, that's very nice and what stage like where they just telling you. Hey, we're dating and we want you to meet someone in the sensors or was it? Hey, this is going to be the mother of your grandchild and we gotta own up to it. Like what stage did you learn about this?
I'm glad you still find it amusing.
Your are they married that your daughter-in-law is four years older than you how do I even say that that's gonna be so weird. They're not married yet. I have to get to that bridge when I get there. I'll cross that bridge when we get there.
Wow.
This is crazy. Right? So he tells me I think it was probably a In June, but no he doesn't even tell me I see it on his Facebook status. It says he's in a relationship and I'm like, oh, okay. Well, I guess he'll tell me about it eventually. So in July, you said oh I by the way, I have this girlfriend and I had promised him a trip to San Diego for his birthday. He was turning 23.
He's like, I want to bring my girlfriend on this trip to San Diego with me and I said, oh, okay. Okay. Well sure, you know go have a good time. See you later. So they go on this vacation for the weekend and they go have a good time or whatever.
Fast forward he's slowly but surely spending more time at her house and then he's eventually like moving all of his stuff over there. It's not official or anything, but he's barely coming home at this point and he lives with you. Then. He was living with me. Yeah, at least he's just not coming home very much and then I'm sitting there and I'm I'm a daughter and she's 15 and she does a lot of theater and dance stuff.
So she's getting ready for to perform White Christmas, which I had never seen didn't know anything about apparently there's a movie and like all right. It's like right before Thanksgiving and I say, okay, I'm gonna sit down and watch this movie. I have free time. I'm really excited because I get to see the movie and it's getting me in the spirit for the holidays and they get to My daughter perform and and halfway through the movie and he comes in the house and I like oh, hi nice to see you.
He said I've been trying to you know, give figure out a way to tell you this and I don't really know how to tell you. So I'm just going to show you a picture and you showed me a picture and it's an ultrasound picture.
Me having two babies. I know that you know, you have to be a certain stage in your pregnancy. I know you get an ultrasound it two months, but this was not a two-month-old yourself fixture and had you met his girlfriend yet. I'm better when time One time she was nice, but I knew nothing about her.
I've just I tell you I tell you I'm I'm 38 years old. I've dated people throughout my life. I've met many apparent. I'm trying to think what would happen if I started dating someone right now and went to met their parent and their parent 30 40 Salt that would be the equivalent for me write the equivalent because I'm 38. Yeah years younger than me.
Wow. Now look, I know I started I started super young because they had my son when I was 16. So I know this partially my fault. Well, it's not fun. I mean you're also laughing about and here's the thing you're laughing about it and and show me so much joy, and I'm laughing matter to and I hope that we're laughing the together and you're not one of these people who laughs who does so to just cover a deep well of fear and pain which sometimes that happens on no. No, you seem like a very well-adjusted person.
I try I try no. I'm not holding any fear and pain or anything. I mean, I think I resolved I have resigned to thinking that whatever is going to happen with their relationship is going to happen and I don't Have any say in what happens with that relationship? They make it Mary. They me separate. I don't know but I feel like she's a great enough person. Not even if they do separate that'll still be able to see my grandson and then you know, I know you and her can hang out.
I've already tried that I'm like, okay, can I be your friend now?
I mean it's a little bit selfish for selfish reasons because I just want to hang out with my baby. But you know, so she's a nice person. I like her face. So you're 16. You're 16 when you had your son. Yes, what's that? Like? Yeah. Yeah, I had to tell my parents that I was pregnant when I was 15 and that was a fun conversation.
My parents were divorced. My dad already had another woman in his life or other topic.
And so I told my mom first she actually Came in the room. I was like probably being really dramatic and crying on the floor or something like that. Right like boyfriend had just told me.
essentially like yeah, you're pregnant, but our relationship isn't going to work and I don't want to be with you type of thing because you know, you do that when you're 15 young and dumb and I think that was on the floor crying and my mom came in and she like knew that this was like a legitimate like I am in deep pain right now kind of cry and she's like what's going on?
I'm pregnant and she said no would you ran out of the room and she ran to her room and slam the door and then she saw me and I thought was you know, it's not night and then the next day she woke up and she was like, okay, you're gonna have to tell your dad and they do hold him and said, yeah. Wow, so she ran out of the room, which I have to imagine as the nightmare reaction.
Nightmare reaction that you are praying doesn't happen. And then she says you call your debt. Oh my gosh. Yes, so my dad she told my dad that I had something to tell him and he went and picked me up from school and mind you. I went to an all-girls Catholic School. Oh, I assumed I assumed so you pick me up from school.
And he said your mom says you have something to tell me they said yeah, I'd rather just wait until we get to the house and she's there so I could tell you what they're there because I thought for sure he'd like he was gonna beat me like my dad was strict. He was the mean one and in the set of parents. He was the one that enforced all of the rules and so I was like, I'm gonna die right now and he just grabbed. Hand and he said listen, I'm in a pretty good mood right now. You should probably just go ahead and tell me I'm in a good mood.
Okay? Sure, Dad.
Okay, and so then I'm crying and shaking and I said, okay, I'm pregnant and he just continued to hold my hand and he said okay, we're going to get through this together and we're going to help you and I'm going to help you be the best that I can. You know do the best that we can and I think I'm going to make the pretty good grandpa.
And I was just completely floored. Wow. My yeah Dad's type Terrence were so amazing. They helped me so much. And from there. That was me. That was my junior year and then I finished out my junior year and over the summer. I had my son and I was lucky enough back then I think teen He must've been more of a a thing back then because I already seen parent centers.
So I went to this is in continuation school, but they have this one section that was just for teen moms, and they had a nursery as well like independent study.
So I was able to finish up the rest of my credit for my senior year in just a couple of months and then I applied to my local state college and like got into college that bring that January of my senior year. I started college. They I took night classes and they helped me take care of the baby while I was in school and everything worked out really well.
Wow, pretty amazing. So it sounds like you.
Sounds like your family had your back. It sounds like it didn't slow you down all that much.
Let's go ahead and pause this call because we got some ads coming up ahead and say I love this color. I love her energy. I love her story of her openness and honesty when we get back to that in the meantime, though dude, check out the ads that we have used the promo codes. If anything appeals to helps beautiful honest when you do so we'll be right back with more phone call after this.
Today's Show is sponsored by talk space the online therapy company that lets you message a licensed therapist from anywhere at any time. I know your life is busy how you're going to fit something else into it, right? You can't set aside a whole hour for that. Well look with talk space therapy is easy as easy as sending your therapist a message get something off your chest whenever you need to talk about everyday challenges at work or at home chat about life. No extra commutes involved. You don't even have to leave the office. You're not gonna get in trouble for leave it nobody's gonna Judge you all you need is a computer with an internet connection or the talk space mobile app. You can improve your mental health and remember therapy isn't just venting inner thoughts digging into childhood stuff. It doesn't have to be melodramatic. It can just be practical. So it is for me everyday strategies for Stress Management and living a happier life having a therapist. All it does is provide you a designated person to talk to someone who's trained to listen and help you make positive changes and the talk space platform has over 2,000 licensed therapists, who are In addressing life challenges, we all face to match with a perfect therapist for a fraction of the price of traditional therapy. Go to talk space. Com slash beautiful use the code beautiful you get forty five dollars off your first month and show your support for the show. That's beautiful at talk space. Com slash beautiful.
Thanks again to everyone who sponsors our show now. Let's get back to the phone call.
Had your back into it sounds like it didn't slow you down all that much. Yeah, it really did it other than you know, I want it when I first started college. I had these crazy expectations that I was going to be a neurosurgeon. I think probably because of all of the stuff that had happened with my family and my grandma and I knew that my dad also had the condition because he when I was four he was Paralyzed from another bleed and had to relearn to walk and everything again. So just like I'm going to be a neurosurgeon and cure. My family's a oment and had all these big dreams and then I got to college enough. Yeah, that's not going to happen seems dead. I mean that seems like it would be a competitive. I was going to say that that seems like a difficult path to walk whether or not you have a child.
Surgery is also is a comparable number. So what did you end up studying biology and I don't really know what I wanted to do. But I just knew that I had this biology teacher in high school that really inspired me and I really loved learning about wildlife and nature and stuff. So I was like, okay, I'll just go study biology and then Six seven and a half years to graduate but you know, I graduated and it's okay. I messed around a lot with a lot of different. I took classes on fish and mammals and birds and insects and Aquatic insects and learned all about animal behavior and then got a job that has nothing to do with any of that as one does as one in Dallas, you know. You know how that goes and you have you have another child as well.
I do. She's 15 15. So that was eight years. So that was when you were 24.
Yeah, I think I made this a habit that you know getting pregnant in my senior year.
You did you did and congratulations. Can I ask I mean, can I can I ask what the circumstances of this one? We're so going back to going back to my son and his father and that fun relationship we were often on until I was about 18 so until my son was about to and then I was in college and in college and my ticket was in my oh, I don't mean I guess it had to been my junior year in college.
I met my husband because we had an English class together. And so he just became really good friends and we would laugh and joke a lot and then after about a year, it's like here, you know what I really like this guy so we started dating and I don't know timeline is very blurry to me. I mean, I guess I was there for seven and a half years so, you know doing your yard probably doesn't really mean junior year, but at some point we We were dating and then probably a couple of years later. I found myself Pregnant and So we had the baby and then we got married when my daughter was a year old and we've been together now for 14 years. Well, that's it. That's beautiful. Congratulations. Yeah now, can I ask my son?
Can I ask when you when you're now approaching? College graduation and you call your and you call your parents again and say hey, so I have some news.
What's that? Like it's that round two like?
They're like what is happening in your life?
I said it said my son's name funds going to have is going to be a big brother and they're like what? Yeah, I'm gonna have a baby. They're like, okay.
Are you happy about this?
Happy for you. Really cuz I was anticipating. And you get back on the phone with your dad and he's like come the fuck on what the fuck what I mean. I'm sure when he hung the phone up.
I'm sure those were his exact he he had said that he was going to give me a graduation trip to Hawaii when I graduated from college then. I was pregnant and then he was like so that ships canceled right? You're not going to Hawaii.
You have a you have a pretty remarkable family, huh? Yeah. Yeah. Well, yeah my my mom passed away about 11 years ago. Now, I'm sorry. She had breast cancer and she had breast cancer for about three years. And yeah one day she showed up at my house and She was wearing one earring and her shoes were untied and I was like Mom what's going on? And she said oh, yeah, I don't know. I think my earring fell out a few days ago, and I said you've been walking around with one earring for like three days and she's like, oh, yeah, I guess when she went home that day and she got lost.
She couldn't remember how to get to her house for my house and she called me and she said oh, yeah, you know, it's funny. I got lost. I don't know where I finally had to call someone and figure out how to get home. I said mommy you need to call your doctor immediately and we need to go see your doctor tomorrow and it turned out that the cancer had spread to her brain and so she lived her.
11 months after that and she moved in with me and I was an only child so I had to figure out how to sell her house and tell her car and pay all of your bills and you get everything in order and then we went through hospice and I was really great. I think someone else had talked about hospice when another episode and just you know is wanted to go like how wonderful hospice volunteers and hospice nurses are they're just amazing. They were so wonderful to my family and so after about a year after She died. I went Paxton signed up to be a hospice volunteer to and did that for a couple years now. That's a really amazing experiences with people that were in hospice and just having them tell me their life stories and getting the listen to them is really inspiring how I say this very genuinely, how do you how are you so positive? How are you so good nature?
I don't know Laughing Man Cry of shit. Yeah, we've been laughing the whole time and then every story you tell me is actually story that uh, it's fraught with like real toughness, you know, these are stress or anxiety or pain you've lived through a lot in 39 years. I know it's true right? It's crazy.
Yeah and every day I just have to wake up and be like, all right. It's like throwing out me today because man, I've had to roll with the punches and yet you say it in that a tone of voice that's more positive than I've ever attained in 38 years on earth.
Oh, yeah. What's that that's roll with some punches. It's so true. Manny can either just cry about it or laugh about it. And I just I have to laugh, you know, I have to be like, oh my gosh, this is so comical like Like how much worse can things get sometimes but you know, it's he learn and you grow and I don't know I guess you just become a better person with every obstacle that you have to overcome.
How's your husband doing? Yeah, he's he is. So wonderful. He It was definitely my rock through everything that happened with my mom and just completely being there for me but not being intrusive, you know, because I guess sometimes things are hard that are happening in my life than I kind of tend to leak.
Shut down a little bit with my family just because I guess I don't want to like be an emotional wreck in front of them. I have to be strong and be you know, the mom that like has everything together.
Look at this.
Sorry, I'm gonna get myself together. You don't have to apologize. You have to be strong around me. I don't even know you.
Anyway, he's he knows like how and ask questions and when to back off, you know, like you can you can dig in a little bit and say how are you feeling and I can't tell him as much as I am able to tell him at that moment and it's just like, okay. And he'll just hug me and hold me hold my hand.
Sometimes that's all you need. Yeah, that's pretty good. You wound up with a good one, huh? I really am glad you didn't stick with that shithead from high school.
Oh my gosh, we celebrated so hard when my son turned 18. Oh really? We don't have to deal with him anymore.
Let me see. So that stayed that doesn't even know they that just remained a headache for 18 years.
It really did. You know any God there's just some things that you don't really think about like how would you have to deal with somebody that you really don't want in your life, but when you have a kid complicates things his family is really wonderful though. That must be how parents are. Yeah, his parents are amazing and they're so nice and they were so involved in my son's life throughout his whole life and had such a good A ship with them and my husband and my husband parents and my son's dad's parents they all get along. So well, we have these family get-togethers where everyone's all in the same room laughing and joking and nobody's mad at each other even when through the time that my son father and I hated each other we could still be civil to each other and our families would get together. Together and still have a really good time together.
Yeah. Yeah, now he looks pretty important. Absolutely. Absolutely. I mean you've had a life that has had a lot of chaos, and it sounds like you've had to really learn more than most how to find the level head inside that chaos. Yeah, absolutely. Now your your dad He's dealing you know, he's suffering right now. And I'm really sorry about how long would that happen? Did he get to did he get to like hang out with your grandkid at all before the the latest round of incidence?
Yeah. This is fresh three weeks ago three weeks and must be cool to be a great Granddad them. That must be a cool thing to see your dad get to hit that level. Yeah, that's really nice.
My grandson. Will be Put the date, I guess maybe we're not supposed to say what the data is. My grandson will be. What is the date today? June 8th, June 8th 2018. Okay. Thank you. My grandson will be 3 months old in two days. Wow. Yeah.
Oh, he's beautiful. What month is what month were you born in?
I was born in December. I'm a Sagittarius you're born in December, which I believe means you're five five months older than me or I'll really are 17 months. Which one would it be? You're 39. So you turn 40 38, right? I just turned 38 year you do. So your what's that mean? Your I think that means 17 months 17 months. I'm not good with the math and whatnot.
Yeah, you're 17 months older than me and you just said the sentence. My grandson is 3 months old.
- yeah from my perspective. No offense. I think you could tell I'm not out to offend you that's Bonkers that's bonkers.
You know that sentence really does seem to amaze a lot of people because it is true. You can tell you also can't judge someone based on their voice, but you sound very useful. You don't have a grandma energy. I'm sure you get this a lot. Yeah. Yeah, sorry. There's a lot of motorcycle going back. Yes. I mean feel like I am a very useful person.
You're young to have a 15 year old daughter. You have a three-month-old grandchild Bay. So that's usually how people lead in because my daughter is still with me a lot of the time they're like wait, you can't have a 15 year old daughter and I'm like, but wait, there's more check this out.
That's a cool party trick. Alright, alright, so you know what? I always thought that when I got on I was going to have a list of questions for you. Of course, I can't remember most of them right now, but I still have questions about I'll answer any question you want even though you have the most fascinating life in the world.
Wait, pause questions about me who wants questions about I guess we're going to answer questions about me when we get back guys scholar seems convinced that this is what beautiful nautiluxe Community wants to behind the scenes info on me in my life. Get back to that and then also back to her very very fascinating life after these advertisements.
Hello everybody. It's Chris weird. We okay you can tell already this is not a usual ad because it's me, it's me talking to you. Your wolf has set aside some time because they want us to do a little primer. They're asking the little all the shows. How can I support the show? A lot of people ask that about all the shows here at ear? Well, so I'm going to take some time to tell you what you can do to support beautiful Anonymous. Okay. There's a lot you can do any one of these things helps. First of all, you heard me talk about it. We got beautiful Anonymous the Facebook Community. This thing is almost And people strong.
It's a really amazing addition to the show. It's I always say whenever I meet someone on the road who listens to the show, it's so crazy to me that it's just me one-on-one with a stranger but it's a huge community that surrounds it the epicenter of this show shows Community is that Facebook group face, beautiful Anonymous the community join up have fun.
Okay. Here's another thing you do you go leave a review an apple podcast. I have not Shield this for you guys really in years, but it helps so much. Each when you do it, so go check it out. You leave a little review. It sends us up the charts new people find the show, okay or share an episode Facebook Twitter tell a friend face-to-face text somebody you gotta listen to this.
Okay. It really does help so much. The word of mouth is the best type of advertising there is be that friend that tells people about the show if you love it, I would appreciate it follow our show on Facebook you follow me on Twitter and Instagram, that's where I let you know, when the calls are going out also Earwolf is on Instagram Twitter and Facebook. Okay, or you sign up for the newsletter at Earwolf. Com It's cool stuff. If you got a few bucks a month for podcast use our code to sign up for Stitcher premium. That way we get a piece if you sign up for Stitch a premium, if you're looking to check out our back catalog our live shows our upcoming new project that hasn't been announced yet that you guys are going to love go sign up you get our archives plus a ton of bonus episodes and podcasts use the code stories for free month. So subscribe share follow.
I'll see you at the top of the charts baby. There it is. You subscribe you share you follow and thanks for listening.
Thanks to all of our sponsors who bring this show to the world now. Let's get back to the phone call.
But I'll answer any question you want even though you have the most fascinating life in the world.
I think sometimes you know, like listeners of the show. They get pretty excited when they hear stuff about you too. Hey, this is your calm down for whatever. I'm an open book. Everybody knows that.
You know what? I was reading. Congratulations on your new book coming out. Is it officially out yet? Nope, October 16th hits the streets get that copy. It's called lose well and time to wait we're gonna have some we're gonna have some promo codes for beautiful. Anonymous listeners, really try. I'm now I'm at a point in my career where I'm very comfortable and secure but I do think it would just be funny if I could become a New York Times bestseller, that would be hilarious be amazing some schmuck from North Jersey. He gets on the bestseller list.
I'm going to ask all the beautiful honest. Let's just help me game the system on that one because I got some ideas.
You know, we're all behind you. Thank you so much. Thank you so much.
So reading your first book. I was wondering about this this crazy person from your neighborhood. I forget his name, but he had some crazy names called the Cuusoo in the book. Who's the guy the guy in the moped wanted more? Yes, really? I didn't growing up. I wanted no more of that maniac.
No, he's a sweet kid. What a funny thing. That's what that was. My second book. I actually wrote A lot of people don't know I actually wrote another book before that, but it was through a company that I worked for. We're New York. But yes, it's called weird New York. I write I worked at a magazine for many years called weird, New Jersey.
Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, and they know that they expanded into a book series and they had me write weird New York for them. So then I wrote another book. That was my first personal book that Matt 2011 one of the friends. Yeah, that might be the first chat is like the first or second chapter is about this guy in my neighborhood used to ride a moped around and torment us and it was nuts. It was nuts. But it is very North Jersey in the 80s. Very a 1980s early 1990s North Jersey story of like some kid with no supervision who rides around on a moped and no adults ever step in and say hey don't tear Thorn branches off bushes.
And Chase the other kids around on your moped and whip them with the thorn branches. Don't do that. It's just they just let us live in chaos at all time. I wish I could say his real name, but it would be bad his real name. I think Cuusoo is a very good approximation his real name man. This kid was I looked him up.
I looked him up on Facebook. He's one of those guys. Yeah. I found him on Facebook. I was like, holy shit people like this are alive people like this just grow old just like the rest of us these weird cartoon characters from Past that you grew up with are these larger-than-life guys? And he just like Works a gig and he has a family and good on them. I have no idea if he's heard of it.
I have no idea. If you don't even remember who I was he'd probably remember my brother more than me.
But yeah, he was a true crackpot used to drive a car when he was like 13. It's like drive around in a car. We're all like, where'd he get a car? He wouldn't tell us no idea to this day. How old he was. I just knew his older than me and he was terrifying. He had mowed multiple Motor Vehicles.
It seems like a scene from a movie my whole goddamn life. Oh God damn, like well, I'm also Irish so I know how to spin a good yarn out of it to you know, yeah. I don't think I ever had anyone like that in my life. I was not that story really stood out to me because your life hasn't been like a movie at all.
Nothing cinematic about your life story.
You know, yeah, I don't know. I have to I have to ask myself that all the time like okay. Am I leave my living a crazy life or is this just a slight normal things that happen up all kinds of people just can't go because you were just merely your life is like a movie. I've never had anything happen like that. I'm like, oh really your grandchild. Mom is older than you so One of us needs to be pointing fingers at who has the more unusual life.
Okay, my friend you're 100% Correct? You are living in a family that is on the surface a mathematical impossibility. So let's not let's not start pointing fingers friend.
What I meant was I never had anyone that terrorized my neighborhood. We had that that was a big thing in Jersey La it's funny because on some level they were just bullies, but it was also like a It's like a big pissing contest who could be the craziest one of crazy people in my neighborhood a lot of how yeah, that was your question. That was the big question.
That was that was like number one on my on my list of things to ask you as correct. Number two.
You talked a lot about the war cabinet door staying open and drawers. Is this correct? Yeah that it was in the HBO special thing about you're the nicest person I've ever talked to you're the nicest room together to talk to everyone listening all probably agree with me. You're so nice and you have all these little details about my life. It's making me feel good. And here it is when we still have 17 minutes left for you to tell your story.
But yes, so the cabinet doors and Yeah.
Whatever it is, that made me think like.
Wow, like, you know people have Aesthetics and their home like their decor and I think messy people are they clean people are they clean freaks? Yeah, they're piles everywhere. Yeah, because I think in my house like the front of the house looks good and is always there is never any message but like my closet is my secret lair where it's just like this enormous Mountain, that's where all my chaos like.
So yeah, I wanted to know what the aesthetic in your household is like you're an adorable grandma.
Everyone's going to lose their fucking minds over this episode. You're a grandma you're being real adorable and everybody's about to lose their fucking minds because you tell your whole story. Now you're asking me these weird behind-the-scenes questions that no one saw coming as do it's really I gotta tell you it's quite Charming - well my I tell him what's the issue want to know? What is the aesthetic in my home is the think we're talking about show today Jared.
Let's see.
I'm a mess. I'm a mess. I think I'm actually I work really hard to be a good husband. I will tell you if you ask my wife what the worst thing about living with me is its little piles of shit everywhere. It's a I'm not I wouldn't say I'm a dirty person but I'm a boy for sure if that makes sense. There's no yeah, I have learned. Yes. I've never cohabitated before my wife, you know lived with live live with someone else and I will tell you you just learned that the boys are dirty we grow up dirty and I only had a brother. Her and we were dirty and we grew up down the hill which is not you can tell from the name. That's not the clean part of town. It's down the hill and my parents are very nice neat people. My mom is an extremely orderly person we grew up in a very clean house and not saying that I think my brother and I were just kind of like brothers Rough and Tumble and I think I'm clean and then my wife will like like I'll do a dish this happened again yesterday yesterday.
I did the dishes and then my wife picks up one of the bowls and is Clean this again and I get all offended when I'm like don't talk to me. Like I'm a child and then she's like I'm not look at it and I pick it up and it's just covered in shit and then I'm like, okay. Yeah clean it again because I'm a boy and we have children in the neighborhood. We live in all the buildings. They have these buildings and one of the features this neighbor is known for is there's two there's a stand-up shower and a tub shower and every bathroom for some reason that just has neighbor was built so she has her shower and I have my shower and you would know instantly whose was whose if you walked into our bathroom wait, like in the same bathroom or to steam bath No 1 bathroom 2 showers.
Yeah weird feature of Jackson Heights Queens. Wow. It's known the neighborhood's no for it. We thought about getting one of them turned into a closet the stand-up shower going to turn into closet every contractor. We talked you said no this neighborhood is famous for these don't do it people love these.
Oh, right, right, right. But yeah, I'm a mess. I'm a mess my wife leaves everything open. And she will sometimes get in closer. Like there are times where sometimes there will be a lot of clutter in our house that has Holly's but there's never filth. I am the source of all the filth when show like Point had a thing and be like, there's like show Point at like my shower door and be like, there's start growing at the Bottom clean off the stuff that's growing at least and I'm like, yeah, I some that's the worst part about being married to me. Is that him is that I'm a boy who doesn't. Okay, and I'm not trying to be a jerk. It's not that I don't want to Clean and don't want to help its that I honestly don't see it as much as she does this you yeah, I understand. What's your next question? Grandma?
That's my next question. I had one this is really what you plan on doing. If you ever gotten through is telling me a truncated version of your most the most fascinating life story ever and then asking me what my home aesthetic is absolutely 100% I mean like, I could talk to you for hours about my life. But I know how about my life. I know it's the same for you. But you know, I think listeners would be appreciative. They're loving it knowing details about you. Right? Some of them have turned it off. I'm not gonna lie. Some of them have turned it off and the ones who remain are dancing are dancing with joy that you're doing this.
What else you got Grandma?
Oh, man, I don't know I had two other ones and they just appeared to other ones disappear. I guess I can ask you growing up. Okay? Okay. Okay, no go for it. Okay.
Your you had a recent story about Mike Birbiglia and the wedding story and everyone got so excited about your friendship with my first Mike Birbiglia and and And that relationship and that was pretty awesome for me because I wanted to tell you that the that's how I found you is because I like randomly turned on Netflix special and day and it was my girlfriend's boyfriend and I was like, oh, I'm bored. I don't have anything else to do. I will put this on I have no idea who this guy is and just like totally amazed me and and then so well, this guy is really cool. Like I want to find out why About him and then I thought he came out with that. We don't think twice and you were in it and then I heard you on NPR and I like well, I have to check out this guy's podcast.
And here we are and here I am today.
So what's the question but you're not.
My question is does happen that I want to make sure that you guys still have that same level of hardest. You want to just check in you want to call the pike as and use your platform hundred thousand people listening. You want to just make sure me and Biggs are still Pals.
Yes. It's so important. I'm happy to tell you we are I open for him through all 2014. It was really eye-opening. Opening I learned a lot about how to be a better comedian. And I'm not gonna lie. I was already pretty good. I was pretty deep in and I learned a lot from her big I owe him a lot put me in his movie and I really believed in me since the movie wrapped, you know, he's a relentlessly busy. I'm a relentlessly busy guy. We haven't caught up in person as much as we would like but we still text all the time and sometimes we get on the phone like a couple little chatty Cathy's.
Oh, that's so cute. Is that the answer you are hoping for? Yes, I'm glad now I could ask wasn't that you got in some huge fight and know you never spoke to each other again. No, it's funny because I think Mike and Mike and I are both really hard workers. I'm a workaholic. I'm not going to speak for him. Sometimes I think he get people like that and it can they can bounce off each other but I think we've just always really understood each other and actually sent just sent him a copy of my new book or I thanked him in the back.
Yeah. Wonderful, okay. The question did you find that growing up hispanic in a Catholic Community led to extra judgment based on your early early pregnancy or you could just ask me more about home decor whichever one you want I think I've done with the question guess 100% yes we're going to jump into that what's your home aesthetic did I'm just kidding I'm just I'm just amazed that we took it like a 10 to 15 minute rest stop to talk about home decor and Mike Birbiglia and then you are totally fine with me asking about the Judgment of the Catholic Community go it must have been brutal Yes, but I wasn't like a super hardcore Catholic growing up.
So yes, there was a lot of talk about me ruining my life and never having a shot pursuing my career. I mean my my goals and my career and you know that my life was just going to turn out to be a mess and I had some my life didn't take a straight path, you know, there were a lot of detours along the way but I mean it but I think so the thing that I remember most was my mom and I went to my ultrasound when I was five months pregnant as I know if it was a boy or a girl and the remarks that the ultrasound technician we're saying to both me and my mom like really really rude stuff.
Probably stuck out to me the most and I don't know if she was Hispanic Catholic. I just remember she was a person who is passing judgment in a very vocal way. That sucks. I remember once I had a also my mom and my aunt listen who cares. I had a pregnancy scare when I was a freshman in college my girlfriend high school and college.
I don't I may have told this story on the show before. I don't know but we had to go to a drugstore to get a A pregnancy test and the person kind of liked at us, you know, like gave us a little bit of that like gave us a little bit of like a glanced at us. I was like, hmm, and I wanted to Ripple. I wanted to like reach over the counter and grabbed the person and just fling them across the room.
I can't imagine the worst because like you're feeling well. No, there are there are many people who feel wonderful about going and buying a pregnancy test because they really want to be pregnant and then there's another when you're in a college town in your to visibly teenaged kids. Right bite your tongue. Then there's the other half that like are just does like one of the worst times of your life is having to go into a store and buy a pregnancy test praying that it's going to come out negative.
And then yeah for people who like stare at you and judge you as in that moment pretty messed up Grandma. How do you do it? Yeah. What's the secret? How did you do this? What I do you turn into a positive? Warm person whose face down so much and still facing down so much. What's the secret? Oh, man, there's no secret. I am a very bubbly person. I guess you maybe can tell and maybe sometimes they talk a lot.
But um, but I definitely have my own struggles with anxiety and depression. Absolutely 100% therapy and talking to people and having a good family support. Then having a good friend that I can express all of my worst thoughts to and not be judged by that's pretty important. I think so, you just weren't very happy. I can say yeah, I can say all of the terrible things that are on my mind the side of the and he validates and he's like, yeah.
Yeah solid Bella thought No secret just hard work and keeping good people around you. Absolutely. That's cool.
I forgot to tell you another interesting aspect of my life when I was in college. Let's see how much time do we have left five minutes?
Okay.
One day I came in and this guy that was in my biology class be hot an indent on On his face like on his forehead and around his nose and I was like, why do you have this here indent on your face? And you said oh I work at the coroner's office and I have to wear the head mask named Topsy assistant and I just like dropped everything up like I 100% need to do this right now.
So he gave me the contact information. I went and got interviewed and got accepted and I was an intern at the coroner's office and I got to do an autopsy.
And that was pretty amazing and then like so you start out at like basic stuff, right? What are you taking really grossed out? Or I could not what are you talking about? But then when you graduate to the next level like the next level where you're like super star autopsy assistant, they give you the bone saw and then you get to like use a scalpel and then peel back the And probably grossing a lot. I just need my glasses for the first time in a while first time in a long time that the glass is got thrown down on the table.
You get to cut out a circle on the skull and then they show you how to extract a brain and there's like a whole technique for it and then take it to measure it and there's a lot of other really cool stuff that you get to do as an autopsy assistant. So that was really cool. But I saw a lot of really messed up stuff also.
You have questions. What do you do now?
Now I kind of have kind of a boring job, but astral eye it's not boring for some people. So I work in in my state research energy industry and we have this program for clean energy research. And I supervise people.
People at school and my wife's gonna love that my wife. My wife is obsessed with the environment. And clean energies at things. He talks about a lot here. Yeah. Yeah, so we work with a lot of like entrepreneurs and researchers that have new ideas about ways to conserve energy and make new energy-efficient Technologies and things like that.
It is exciting for some people. You know, what's cool You're going to get so much time with your grandkid. I know more than most people think about that. Yeah, unless I die tomorrow. Jesus Christ try to have a happy sentimental moment here.
Two minutes left in China wind us down stick the landing on something that feels positive and uplifting sentimental.
I know but I think it stems back to that autopsy internship that I know that like the end of the day. It's just surreal moment. When a year old intern yanking your brain out of your head with the right and while they hold a bone saw on their left hand. Yeah, oh and oh my gosh, then I got to see people who are organ donors and like what happens to your body after organ donation. And sometimes they'll take out your bones and like your eyeballs and all of your organs and stuff. But and you a land of really looking like a rag doll and a half. Yeah, you know just life is life is crazy. And I guess if we're winding down I would just say Appreciate like every waking moment that you have like this whole hour that I've just had is so amazing and yeah just like value it because you never know when you're going to get a phone call.
Something crazy is going to be on the other end of that phone call. You know, when is your speciate small thing? We have 45 seconds left. I want to thank you. I can say no exaggeration. This has been one of my favorite cause we've done and so much to it and most of all sending love. Love to you and your family, especially your dad.
Thank you. I really appreciate it. This has been really great at 25 seconds left. If you want to drop any more bombs on the way out the door.
I don't think they have any more any left to you and Polly and Jared and Shannon and vacation Jason.
Call her thank you. What a great energy you have and what a fascinating story you have and to hear from somebody who lived a life that I think would have thrown many people for Loops. But to hear how positive you are and how much you've built a life that you have it within a family hyper inspiring downright inspiring that your talents about it. Thank you. Jerry O'Connell Harry Nelson the Reverend John Keller.
Radical shell shag. I'm getting out on the road Tom this summer guys. Go to Chris get. Com see if I'm coming here Tom buy some tickets. Would love to meet you. You want to help beautiful Anonymous go to Apple podcast rate review subscribe. It really really helps you when you do and I think Danielle is that all depends. That's all the business. Alright. We'll see you next time.
Next time I'm beautiful Anonymous. I'm truly touched when a young man who's never really told anybody about his sexuality decides to tell us I sometimes teach people that you know being honest with yourself, no good important and sometimes I don't follow that in my own way. So when I turn 25 I was like, all right.
I'm going to use this year and this is year.
I think I'm going to come out of the closet.
Has and so how's that been going? We are almost at the year mark, and sorry hasn't happened yet, but I have been you know, really fighting some internal demons with myself, you know in this last year. I was just like, you know what I think I get on if I get on I think this is going to be a really big step for me.
That's next time on beautiful anonymous.
Have you ever need a doctor late at night or when you're traveling tell the doc gives you 24/7 access to board certified doctors anytime anywhere for non emergency conditions. They are board certified doctors can diagnose treat and prescribe medication when medically necessary tell the doc is available through most insurance or employers at $45 or less of visit download the app today or visit. Tella doc. Com stories to register today. That's T, EA lady OCD calm stories
In a few days, this caller will turn herself over to federal authorities and begin a multi-year prison sentence. She tells Geth about how she ended up with a federal indictment, getting sober and all the fast food shell be eating before turning herself in. This episode is brought to you by Halo Top (www.halotop.com), Talkspace (www.talkspace.com/beautiful), and Madison Reed (www.madison-reed.com code: PEOPLE).
READ LESS
Halo top is ice creams biggest game changer. I can tell you this because I was eating it two days ago my wife's birthday party and not because they're an Advertiser because she's been bringing the stuff home for weeks because she loves it with Halo top enjoy all the flavor and deliciousness of ice cream.
You do not need to worry about that hail top has less than 360 calories per pint but it's still delicious and creamy just like ice cream should be Halo top is packed with 20 grams of protein per pint they have over 20 incredible flavors to choose from I'm talking vanilla bean. That's what I was eating on Saturday. They got cinnamon roll pancakes and waffles. I had one that was like a caramel cappuccinos really good.
Okay, you can stop avoiding ice cream. Eat Halo top eat it hail tops available Nationwide find your pint at Halo top. Com follow him on social media at Halo top Creamery Halo top. Com Hello to all my shotgun Grandma's beautiful Anonymous one hour one phone call. No names No Holds Barred.
I'd rather no one on one.
Hello. Hi. Hello to you listening the one who's listening right now, it's me. It's Chris gethard. Hi. Thanks for tuning into beautiful Anonymous. I'm lucky to have you here really lucky to do this gig. It's the best the best thing get to talk to people from all over the world here how they're doing here with the worried about here with the concerns are of modern Humanity, but the lives that were living. Thank you for all for calling.
Thanks for calling. I meet a lot of people and I get a lot of tweets from people. I always call and I can never get through and that here's the best thing I can say. To that keep trying I want to talk to Ali. I want to talk to every single one you call every time I tweet out that number. I don't want to stop doing this show until every single one of you has had a chance to be on I mean that sincerely, okay. What do I have to tell you guys about some big things coming up some big things coming up?
We have a couple live tapings in the works and tickets are on sale. So I want to mention it cause I don't want them to sell out before you guys hear about them, July 27th. We have a live taping a beautiful Anonymous in Montreal Canada part of the Just for Laughs Festival me and Jared flying up to Canada.
The tickets last week going to head up to Canada. It's going to be good time. That's the best Festival in the world. It's it is I've done that one Edinburgh. I'd love to do the the Melbourne one. Those are regarded as all the best ones right just for laughs great. I'm also doing stand up there the 26th the 28th my full hours. So if you're coming to town for the taping, maybe you come see me do some stand-up to make you don't know whole little get third week up there and get it.
We also are going to be doing the London podcast Festival in September and tickets are already moving. I've noticed are you Okay fans last time I was in the UK a lot of people were really so nice about beautiful Anonymous and we're coming London were finally coming live taping in London you go. Check out Chris guess. Com for those tickets or you go check out the Just for Laughs site or the London podcast Festival site get those tickets. We got these tapings coming baby.
Now last week's episode out of the closet young person who had not spoken very much about his sexuality was telling us. Yep. I'm on the brink. I'm ready to go. I'm comfortable we can Out, you know, let the people in my world know what's going on and it was I found a very touching and very personal and beautiful and I just hope I was there for the caller some people in the Facebook group did set me straight on something which I which is not great phrasing. I apologize, but did I let me let me know one thing.
I had said at one point, you know, I hope I hope that we live in a world where some if you come out to your folks that they just go. Alright? Yeah. What do you want for dinner? Some people did say to me. Hey, that's a little reductive because it is a big deal. It is a big deal and I apologize if anyone felt like I was being dismissive.
I was more speaking of the idea that I would love if we lived in a world where it wasn't a big deal and I think we're heading more towards that and hope someday every kid just someday can go out and go on dates with who they want. Nobody blinks twice because it's cares. Anyway, here's a comment. I read that I thought was really beautiful.
It's from someone named Kyra in the Facebook group because this is summed up a lot of the comments that were coming in all when I listen to this episode while on it. Impromptu road trip to my 20th class reunions, which I found fitting as someone born in South Dakota. I was baffled by the lack of enthusiasm for Mount Rushmore lot of Mount a lot of Mount Rushmore fans out there coming to the defense of Mount Rushmore Someone who lived in Montana for 20 years. I was howling about the discussion on laws or lack thereof as a human. I was captivated by The Colony story. I hope he comes out when he's ready help the people in his life Embrace him with love acceptance. Enjoy we knows there's so many of us who have his back who believe that love is love.
Hope he lives his Truth whatever that looks like for him. If you're reading this collar, don't wait just yesterday. I was an insecure awkward emotional High School who's just doing her best like everyone else last night. I celebrated 20 years with people who knew me before I knew my self it goes by in a blink.
Do not waste another moment living anything but your truth and remember love always wins beautiful comment. Okay, this week's episode.
I tell you I we we've been sitting on this one for a few months. And I've not been able to stop thinking about it since the day I ran home. I told Holly I just had one of the conversations of my life and that's not to say it's not a pissing contest between the others. It's so specific and so unique also sadly deals with some stuff.
It's a little more common than I think maybe like to admit with some of the epidemic driven side of it you may have it's it's an episode people got so excited about a lot of the other ear will shows have been running ads about Out it may have heard the at the end of last week's episode teaser for it the AV club rental exclusive on it. So you may know a little bit about it.
If you don't I'm not going to say any specifics in the intro just because if you don't know what's coming, I want you to be as blindsided as I was this is about as intense a call as we've ever had and that's coming from me. I've been here for all of them. There's been some intense ones. I know that and you know that but this one I'm telling you.
I've said it since the moment we have the phone they pay Hollywood screenwriters millions of dollars to come up with stories that this person just has you couldn't invent something you couldn't invent something more intense and more unique than what this caller is going through. I can't believe this caller gave us an hour of her time.
When she didn't have that many hours to spare you're going to see what I mean. Buckle up is my advice to you. If you're right. Now if you're one of these people casually listens, not today, not today. If you're doing dishes. Stop doing it for a second. Okay, if you're driving just be ready to put your hazard lights on because you might be unable to focus on the road. This one is something else you guys something else tell everybody about this one because it's going to be a lot of people a lot of people I I think I'm going to go. Whoa this show just what somewhere new enjoy it.
Thank you for calling beautiful Anonymous a beeping noise will indicate when you are on the show with the host. Hello.
Hi. Hi. Is this Chris?
This is Chris. How are you this morning? How am I this morning? I'm good. I just took a Brazilian jiu-jitsu class 7:30 a. M. Bright and early great way to start the day getting beat up feeling really good and awake and alive.
That was not my idea of a great morning. I'm not a morning person at all.
Well, I have a lot of self-hatred issues. This is know. How are you? How are you?
Well, I'm as good as can be I'm a lot better than people expect me to be that's an intriguing answer. Well, I am kind of living my own version of Orange Is the New Black on Monday my parents and I are taking a road trip which will end with me turning myself in to federal prisons of 46 months for for for almost four years.
Yes. Wow. Wow, that's I need to know everything about this and right off the bat. Let me say I imagine this isn't the easiest thing to talk about. So thanks for opening up.
It is it isn't but in some ways it is I actually feel like there's you know other people that have heard my story that it was hell and I thought maybe that more people can hear it and get something from it and I unfortunately, You could pop of I didn't start out this let me start with that. I started out in a medical career doing very well.
I had some traumatic impact in my life, which I turn to drugs to help with and led me to selling drugs to support my habit. So April 22nd of last year. We had our door kicked in by pretty much all of the alphabet forms of Blue on Blue.
DEA and ATF and I got a Federal indictment. So I've been clean since June 15 and 2017 and trying to change my life around at which I have successfully done. I've been involved in in a as living sober living spoken to people who are struggling, but just because I changed my life and done things the right way from that point, you know, does it mean I love the salt of the crying bye.
Just when I was getting high doesn't mean I don't get to face those consequences Kirkland about to do.
Wow. I have to say this one's already blown my mind. It's it's also a first of all very sincerely. I know it's under particularly, you know, particularly extreme circumstances, but congrats on being a clean since June first of all, thank you and no matter the circumstance. I have to say I have to imagine that if I talk to you in, you know a year if I talk to you in March of last year. I have to imagine you wouldn't be so clear-headed.
Oh, absolutely. Not.
What can I ask? What kind of drugs you were you were deep into My drug of choice is methamphetamine.
I also did cocaine and mushrooms pretty much anything. That would change my reality anything. That would make me not feel what was going on.
Yeah, and so, were you because because here's my initial Instinct and and you're going to have to correct me on all this stuff because you know, we see TV shows and we see movies about Drugs and indictments like right away in my head. I'm like, wow. Is this like Breaking Bad where you were you like manufacturing meth because for this to be a federal level crime must have been you must have been I was trafficking I was working with so the fortunately very dangerous people and I realize now how dangerous the lifestyle I had gotten into I was trafficking for the cartel.
The Mexican cartels. Yes and was this was it meth that you were trafficking?
Yes and cocaine meth and cocaine.
So you were you getting it back and forth over the Border it was being delivered to me from Mexico.
And then I was at my husband and I were Distributing it in our town about a pound a day as what we were Distributing pounded day.
Yes, so you were You were part of an international drug Syndicate and you were a pretty ACOG. That sounds like it was not you weren't at the bottom of the chain. You weren't at the very top but you were a mid-level. This is pretty far up the chain.
Yeah. I was well on our Federal indictment there were three people on our indictment my husband myself and our suppliers, or they're always real of us and we had a pretty large operation. Fortunately, we were the second people up in our operation. So that kind of got us some unwanted attention and brought us and pretty big consequences.
Yeah. Are you are you and your husband still married?
Yes, we've been together for that's I'll tell you drugs ruin lives and it ruins relationships. We are happier right now than we've ever been in the seven years. We've been together we officially Got married on New Year's Eve because we're both going to prison and that's the only way we could communicate at the we were legally married. He's actually sitting across the room from me right now.
When we they first start the Federal indictment, they put a no contact order which we couldn't have phone calls. We couldn't write letters. They sent me to a rehab those pretty far away into him. He's got to stay where we were so for almost six months. We were able to contact each other and when that no-contact order was Okay, that was a pretty great day. We were both living in silver living homes.
So we couldn't live together. I was able to spend like three nights a week with him and then four nights at my sober living home, but it's brought us closer than I think we've ever been and really shown us what's important than what matters because at the blink of an eye you can lose everything so I have so many questions.
I'm just going to go for it. Okay, tell me tell me. Me when I'm offending you and or if you're like if I answer that question a cartel might hear it and I'd rather not go there. The only time I've had to say that in the history of the show, so you and your husband have been together seven years. Were you both into drugs seven years ago when you met no, actually he had he had some drug history in his past.
I did not I had focused on my career and he had been clean for quite a while we drink. Gather at a kind of it was a situation where someone had brought some some speed to a party and it kind of triggered him and he relapsed and then I tried it and we were just off and running from there.
Wow, so it's like an overnight thing it really is it literally in the matter of three years.
We went from using a little bit of every other weekend to kind of just hang out and have a good time, too. Every weekend and within six months we were using every single day and couldn't get through a day without using which can cost us our jobs. He had business that he was very successful at he owns Five small businesses that his work started to not get done not get done as well as he was able to before so he started losing customers and not making the money and I lost my job at the hospital so We started selling some get support her habit and pay our bills.
Wow.
And were you a nurse where you I was and I see you Tech and EKG tech.
So I did the EKGs and monitored the heart monitor the people in ICU monitor their heart rhythms. Did their EKGs call the doctor if anything was changing.
Yeah, so you see it sounds like you were if I'm doing the math right a couple of years together clean. Dean fell into this pit for a few years came out of it. Now you got married two months ago after the indictment.
Yes. We got married on New Year's Eve at 11:50. There was a mass wedding in the town that we were in the judge was doing so he's like, hey, let's go do that.
It's like a modern-day Bonnie and Clyde your Outlaw lovers kind of we were, you know, a lot of people look up to us now because we You know, but throughout all this we hear almost daily, you know, if I was about to go to prison, I'd probably be out there getting high, you know, it doesn't help anything.
They're definitely moments where the disease of addiction rears its head and says you're already going to prison they'll get high go not feel this for a little while, but I know that if I do that, I not only can't look at the people that I've been helping do this to people as Mentor. I can't look at myself in the mirror and having respect for myself when I go to service time.
Right, right. What a beautiful attitude. I mean I have to say for someone who's about to because you said you going on on Monday to turn yourself in. Yeah.
It's about an 11 hour drive to get to the prison where I'm going. So my parents are going to pick me up for my husband's house on Monday morning and we're kind of going to take a two-day road trips have to turn myself in by 2 p. M.
On the 7th for someone who's a couple days away from turning yourself. Of infra four-year prison sent some remarkably upbeat and positive, you know, there are moments where I kind of just cry at that.
Like I said just because I've changed my life for the better doesn't mean that I'm involved of my past doesn't mean that I don't still have to make those immense and for me those immense are going and you know paying my debt to society and serving this time. I just plan on taking advantage of this so many programs that are offered in the prison I can go and Further my education.
I can you know get healthy. There's counseling that I can take advantage of I can really focus on getting better in myself and having that time to do it and I'll have the clarity of being clean for almost nine months on top of that.
Wow, what an amazing attitude what an amazing attitude. There's a lot of things to criticize about the American prison system the parole system, you know, the cycle of of criminality that that a lot of people say Encourages sounds like you're really dedicated to the idea of Rehabilitation is the lip service they say about it and you're going to to really make sure that that's what it is for you.
That's my plan. You know something I will say in all of those the prison system on the federal level is a lot different than the state the state to state that I've noticed in all this that you know, there's not much focused anywhere on mental health and there's just you put want people up and put them in prison when if they would focus on mental health and funneling some money into mental health the drug problem and the criminal problem from the drug problem would just dramatically lower. There's so many people who are just self-medicating mental issues with drugs that I mean, it's so sad and ice keep seeing budget cuts for mental health and people that really need help relying on this going and getting high.
Yeah, I mean like I think there's so many stigmas against mental health that is probably easier for and you know, when the fear of that coming sets in I'd have to imagine there's there's some people who who self-medicate and it's a it's probably easier to swallow for people. Who hey you party too hard versus saying hey, you're a little crazy. I'd have to imagine that is yeah pretty big thing out there.
I know most of the people in recovery recognize that they have mental health issues that are underlying to their drug addiction and you know, I think that that's something that he is focused more on getting people help and having more programs for people as far as recovery and sober living and just support for people who need help. I think that you know our population and the prison's would go down people would be more productive. I mean, I was not a productive member of society. I was just out there. I wasn't the kind of person who is going and stealing to support my habit. I mean because we were selling enough to That wasn't a problem, but I definitely contributed so much to people ruining their lives and I didn't really care, you know, as long as I was being paid I didn't care where you are getting the money to come and buy drugs from me.
Right and that is something that I regret so much because you know selling that much and putting that much drugs on the street. I know that my children suffered. I lost my children because of my addiction and I know that so many other children lost their parents because I was putting drugs. Up there and that's huge regret for me.
Wow, and would you so, you know, I think the obvious thing that a lot of people listening probably having their heads point of reference. Probably Breaking Bad based on what you're describing. Like that's the thing that keeps that I hate to compare it to pop culture, but that's the way the world right like do you have so you've had you've had the real life moments of someone keeps coming to your door and you've watched them degrade physically and mentally Absolutely.
Were you just see a person becoming like a living zombie in a living hell but I was that you know, I would say up for five days on end and you know psychologically your brain just can't handle that you start getting suspicious of everything you start like, you know, thinking the craziest thoughts and my husband who we had a great relationship.
We were kind of the model couple before drugs and we would just You know, we would spend maybe an hour together and that was honestly just aspect that we would separate who go his way and I was on my way and you would I mean that was just the way it was and you had you always had to be suspicious because you know, when the DEA raided us, we have three and a half pounds of methamphetamine when you have that much drugs around you always have to be careful if he's coming through the door and what they're going to try to get.
Yeah weird people people trying to rob you all the time. Was that a constant fear.
It wasn't I'm probably one of the nicest people you would meet. But when I'm on drugs, I'm my husband and I are both very scary individuals. I always had a gun and I everybody knew that I was able to shoot very well. I was very accurate with the pistol. So that wasn't really a fear people would try more to a lot of times they would try to get in between me and my husband and try to get us to be suspicious of each other.
You take advantage of that you get more or you know, kind of it was just a lot of people were out to just up to no good.
Just kind of undermine. Exactly. Wow. And again, I'm just going to ask all the questions there might be things where you go that involves other crime and I shouldn't speak to it. Like did you ever have to point a gun at someone you that hearing someone has as chipper on the phone as you say the phrase as say the freeze everyone knew I was good with the pistol chilling and that's just your real life. You just drop that casually because that's just a true thing and for me, I'm like, holy shit.
There was The only time but I ever I actually took down courses I love.
Well, hello.
Whoa.
Are you still there?
Can you hear me? Yes. Hello? Yes.
Sorry. I must've had a good spot in the house there.
I love to shoot. I used to go to the firing range and that we see something that was fun and fortunately I'll never be able to do that. Again. The only time that I ever really pulled a gun on anybody was our cartel person came in and he was upset. There was a disagreement about something. And he came in while my husband was gone. So it was just me and he made some threats. He basically said, you know, this is how things are going to be and if you don't like it we can go outside and bang this out right now and I had my glock on my hip and I said, you know, no one wants I could come to this but if that's what we have to do, I guarantee you I will shoot you between your eyes before you can get your gun out of your waistband and how does he respond to that?
He kind of stands there and a little bit of shock because he's a very scary person that doesn't usually have anybody talk back to him. So my husband walks into me and our supplier and our suppliers bodyguard kind of in like a Mexican standoff situation and he's like, what did you do? I'm sorry. I said my name believe me.
Well bleep that we got your back on that. There's anyone whose name needs to be bleeped your the the most pressing one in a long. Time on this show.
Wow.
Wow, and do you keep working with that cartel guy after that incident? Yes, and you guys have a conversation when things calm down or do you just sort of always live with the constant tension that you recently threatened to shoot each other between the eyes and when my husband came home and I think I immediately looked at my husband says we need to go talk so they went out to the garage and had a conversation and my husband came back in he was like, I can't believe you did that, but I'm so proud of you because you know, he's always going to have her stay.
For you that and in that world you get respect by actually standing up for yourself. If you if you let somebody walk all over you then you have no legs to stand on. No one's going to respect you. No one's going to take anything that you say seriously and then that's when you have to worry about being robbed or something happen.
If you know did the cartel know that you guys were getting high off your own Supply as the Notorious BIG would say, yes, and they honestly, It's they want that because then you're always going to like if you're getting high in your addicted to it, then they don't ever have to worry about losing you right as long as you're paying them the money you owe them.
They don't care.
It sounds legitimately to I would have to imagine this the reality of if you start over doing it to the point where you're not. If you're if you're doing enough of your own drugs that you can no longer pay them they can just throw your body in the desert and find another addict to take your place that has to be the reality right absolutely is and I've witnessed things that were hello.
Whoa, you've witnessed things that were what?
Well, if that ain't a cliffhanger, I don't know. What is what did she witness will we even re-establish this connection the ultimate Cliffhanger. Is that skal cut off forever after that come back after the ads to find that one out?
Today's Show is sponsored by talk space the online therapy company that lets you message a licensed therapist from anywhere at any time. I'm a big advocate of therapy. That's not news to you guys always been open about the fact I've been in therapy since 2000 2002 lot of my life. It's helped me a lot and I know there's a lot of barriers to entry right it takes time.
How are you going to fit in? Well, guess what with talk space therapy is as easy as sending your therapist a message get something off your chest whenever you need to talk about everyday challenges at work or at home. I'm just chat about life. You don't have to commute. You don't have to leave your office. Nobody's gonna judge you.
You just need a computer with an internet connection or the talk space mobile app. You can improve your mental health. I tell you to therapy a lot of us you get becomes melodramatic and I like I'm gonna have to vent all these inner thoughts and dig into these hidden memories. No. No, I love therapy because it's practical they give you every day strategies for Stress Management living a happier life. I can vouch for that Hands-On having a therapist provides you a A designated person for you to talk to who's trained to listen, they're trained to listen help you make some positive changes and the talk space platform has over 2,000 licensed therapists who are experienced in addressing life challenges. We all face to match with a perfect therapist for a fraction of the price of traditional therapy. Go to talk space. Com slash beautiful use the code beautiful you get forty five dollars off your first month and you show your support for this show. That's beautiful at talk space. Com slash beautiful.
Thank you so much to our advertisers for supporting the show guys good news re-establish the connection enjoy the rest of this call.
You've witnessed things that were watching. Yes, you've witnessed as that. We're what I need to know what you've witnessed.
I mean I witnessed people being tortured over $700. I've what do you do?
What do you mean? What do you mean torture?
There was a girl. Who who stole seven hundred dollars who was pulled out of bed while she was sleeping wrapped in plastic had the acetone thrown on her was beat with the pistol. It was a very scary situation and I remember just sitting in another room with my husband going. What did we get ourselves into and it was just too late.
We were in over our heads and You how did this happen in on your your turf or were you traveling with the cartel? It happened in our house.
They had found out that she was there and she had taken some money so they came and got her and it was in the Next Room over from my bedroom.
Was it a friend of yours or someone who you're selling to it?
Was someone that I knew vaguely that we had we're going to rent a room to wow, but I didn't know her very well.
Well, and then the cartel catches wind of it goes actually that's a person we've been looking for we're going to come over and pistol whip and throw acid on her. Yes, and then and then what you got to get out the carpet cleaner and and clean up after that. It's your house.
Yeah, we just had to kind of I mean there were some holes in the wall that had to be patched and there was an awful smell that had to be taken care of and he cleaned it up. She was gone and you just went about your wife afterwards, and she just she lived she just went on her way.
Battered and burn.
Yes, we did with and she left and I never heard from her again. Obviously. She's part of what I hear from me.
Yeah. I'm sure she I'm sure the phone is not ringing in her being like so that room still available her sever her to move on.
Wow, you've seen some dangerous things and been around some dangerous people, you know, that's it's so crazy how if you would have met at the six years ago.
I was not the person that would use drugs. I was so anti even smoking marijuana and then just the right set of circumstances happened and I just spun off out of control and you know, my husband and I don't look like I mean, we look like a Suburban couple and that was what the cartel really like is the only weren't suspicious driving around because they just look like a stalker. Mom and dad and you know And I'm sure at some point your friends and family have to start realizing that there's something going on you cut yourself off from anybody. Who's not in that lifestyle. Yeah. I lost. I stopped talking to my parents.
I didn't get really connected with my mom and dad until I was in rehab as because that's not you know that they'll know something and you know, they're not going to approve. My father is a Baptist Minister and my Choir director, so that's not the life that they had envisioned for me at all and grow up that way I grew up in church or the church camp. That's just so I definitely didn't let them know because I just didn't contact him. I kind of just fell off the map.
Wow.
I mean for most calls if someone said I once witnessed a woman being pistol-whipped and burned via acid via a Mexican cartel member that's the full hour with you. That was like a 30-second aside.
Yeah, there was just that lifestyle is awful. You just it's unfortunate what people will do over the smallest thing.
Do you know do you know how you got caught?
I I don't know exactly who I mean someone told on us, but when they set up there they set up a screening and they they were pictures taken from a neighbor's house. That was empty that they had kind of moved into and were surveilling us from that. I don't know the person who did and I don't want to know really and because that person ultimately was probably trying to save themselves. They probably had a little bit of soap and then Cover and get out of that there are no I know where these big people are.
I don't wish me. Oh well because they honestly saved our life. They say that our relationship they made things better for us, even though you know in a few days. I'm leaving my husband and going to prison we are happier right now than we have ever been.
Wow. I mean what an amazing attitude and what a quick turnaround this was June because I would have for you. You know the popular the popular perception is that you would want to find whoever ratted you out and and give them give them the what for as they would say that was definitely our first instinct.
We wanted to know who it was and we were going to you know, go after them because they, you know, they ruined everything we know our friends that we supposedly have. He had a nice 3-bedroom house that had to adhere these in every room we had Computers we had tools we had cars and we had so much stuff that we didn't appreciate we didn't even care about that as soon as the US Marshals who picked us up and took us away on that Federal indictment. Just everybody of came. It was a free-for-all and just took everything. So now my husband and I have basically a couple duffel bags full of clothes with that's what we have in a TV.
Wow. So you are you weren't getting you were getting high. Hi, but you are also making money. You guys were splitting the difference.
Yeah, we were making we were making enough money that we had to money counter to money counters.
Like the bank style that yeah sure built one money counter couldn't keep up with the amount of money you had to count. Yes. That's what it's built for.
Wow, this is blowing my mind. This is blowing my mind. Do you do you know have you do, you know anyone else who's been to prison like if you been able to get advice from people from that perspective?
I actually did a sober living homes that we went to it's a nationwide organization. I can't I won't mention the name of it because anybody who here For I am will never hear that will know who I am. I immediately got involved in just trying to help other people that you know, you're coming through there's a lot of people that come from prison. They go into sober living to try to change their lives and this definitely isn't organization that does that and so I immediately got involved. I became the president of my house. Each house is ran by the people who live there. There's no management or anything like that you hold each other accountable.
It's there's probably between seven and 12 people in town. And so I became house president. There were people that were coming in and looking to me to be the right things. That was what one thing that kept me from messing up was other people were looking up to me. I am not involved in the chapter, which is about eight houses that after I was vice chair for the chapter to help other houses, and then I got involved in my regional level started speaking and That's really what kept me on the right path to do that. I've met a lot of people that have been through prison and they're like, he's got this yo in clear-headed don't I was in trouble ride your rack and keep your head down.
Oh, Yeah, I mean there's a you know, there's the stereotypes of prison that they get violent that there's like gangs that you have to link up with people from similar demographics. As you is this set on the federal level. Is that is that less of a factor? Is it more? So are these like super max types prisons like more regulated than that or is there a real fear? There there is that fear?
They're the biggest advice I've gotten is don't get in debt with anyone and don't respect anyone, which I'm not. That type of person so there's something that they say don't eat the candy bar and don't take the chance because people aren't there to be nice to you. So no one's going to give you something and not expect something in return, right?
They're testing your naivete. Yes.
This is this is this it I have never. I never imagined I'd talk to somebody in your situation this what's it? Like when the I mean, do you are you guys living the life at you know, you're getting high so you're in an altered reality. You got all this money. This has been going on for years and building.
Do you feel Invincible? Is it a surprise when the doors get kicked in or are you like it finally happened?
It was kind of a combination about these you feel Invincible you feel like nothing is going to go on forever that you can have. Everything's going to be great that you've got money. You got power everybody is you know under you so there's that, you know, you do feel Invincible, but you know, they had gotten to the point where no matter how high we got we were so miserable like we hated ourselves and we hated everybody else as well. And that's just what the drug does to you. It does it steals everything, you know, you start getting high so that you don't feel those negative feelings. They take that away and it gives you a fall.
Us into jewelry, but as your addiction grows, it takes everything away. You can't feel anything. You can't feel happy. You can't feel sad. You can't feel just you just don't feel anything.
Yeah, I know. I would never compare it to your situation. Obviously. I'm not saying it's it's very similar, but I know I was once prescribed Adderall and and went nuts and started abusing it and taking it too much and that's in the amphetamine family. That is an amphetamine salt. I can see even that I felt like a golden God who never needed to sleep or eat who I was I was better at being social. I was quicker and funnier than I usually am and I'm pretty I'm a professional comedian pretty funny guy willing to admit.
And even with that but then like my muscles were always spasming and everybody it went from people being like Oh, you lost weight to people vet within a month people being like hey, you lost weight. What the fuck is going on it like did I lost that much weight started pooping blood. It was weird. The whole thing was weird anyway.
So it's that you know, a lot of people I also abused Adderall and I didn't see that as you know, when I was in college, I would take Adderall because it was finals week and I take a couple Adderall to get through studying and get through finals because I was working graveyard shift and then going to school during the day and I thought that was okay. I didn't realize until now but that was the beginning of my addiction but I was drinking I was binge drinking I was using a Dalek Usually when I suppose when I thought I needed it.
But that was the beginning dark days and you know and then years later I tried meth and was like, oh my God, this is the best thing ever. I can get my house clean. I can do these projects I can do this and I can do that and then that goes away to where like I couldn't get a single thing done in a day because I would have to go and you know smoke a bowl before I could go do my laundry and then that one bowl would turn into me sitting there for hours.
Hours and then you know two o'clock in the morning when I was supposed to do laundry, you would start and stop so many projects and you would think that you were getting a lot done you had all this energy in reality. You would lose like days and not know have anything and not have accomplished a thing.
So you were like waken baking with meth. Yes, jeez. He was there. So when you when you went to trial did youdid you was your initial Instinct? We got to fight this we got to find a loophole. We got to find a way out or or had you hit a point like you're feeling it's so commendable and so beautiful to hear you basically say like know I did a lot of stuff heard a lot of people's lives on top of my own time to pay the pennis pennants and I'm a I'm okay paying that Penance.
Was that a quick attitude or did You did you try to fight it initially at first.
I did the way it happened was when it's it was one o'clock on a Saturday afternoon. And my husband died at had actually finally went down to get a couple hours sleep and woke up to the worst sound you could ever imagine. It was a battering ram hitting our front door and we both set up and looked at the cameras and saw people in full tactical gear like the SWAT.
The style field shotguns coming through the door and going. Oh my God, this is real and you know immediately we look at each other like what and the next thing we know is there's someone coming down the hall and you know, they're coming down the hall one at a time hands on the person in front of them shoulder yelling for everybody to come out of the rooms and the ties on us and setting up in the living room.
It was just that moment. I was like, they don't have anything. Thing they you know, they didn't do a proper search like I was trying to find any loophole and then the state got a severe case and the FEDS picked it up and when the feds picked it up the government doesn't pick up the case. They can't win.
That's why they have it like 98 percent conviction rate on the federal level. They just won't pick it up. They'll let the state take care of it if they can't with so in the feds picked it up. I was like, okay and originally Before I was given the opportunity to better myself and our charges were 10-year minimum 20 years lifetime maximum. So it was 10 to life was what we thought we were going to have to do.
Wow.
We were very fortunate that they sent us to rehab and gave us an opportunity and the judge that we were assigned is huge on recovery. So we were able to get our minimum drop to all do you have to do 85 percent of your time? So I'll actually do a little over three years on a forty six months at and then I'll have to do five years probation and that and that's the kind of thing that gets shortened.
For good behavior and I would imagine if you do enter a lot of educational programs and use a lot of the rehabilitating.
Focused services that that all adds up to getting those months shaved off.
I the 46 months is I will absolutely have to do a little over three years of that. I won't get any more time shaved off of that, you know in state level you you can get a 20 year sentence. It only do five on a 20. There's not a whole lot of Truth in sentencing and state prisons and federal. There's laws.
Very what you get sentence is what you're getting and that's there's no back and forth. You do 85% of it. So you get 54 days a year of good time.
Yeah. Now I have to ask you mentioned something that I've been hesitant to ask about. You mentioned that you lost your kids.
Go ahead and pause the tough question always got to ask the tough questions around here right going to get the answers to those questions and many more come back in the meantime got advertisers check out what they have to offer use. The promo codes helps the show when you do we'll be right back.
Madison read a company the founder Amy are it named after her daughter is revolutionizing the way women color their hair for decades women have had two options outdated at home hair colour or the time and expense of a salon. I know this my wife's very fashionable. Sometimes she plays with the shades. I see her she goes it's a stressful thing.
It's a stressful thing. You got to either get it right yourself from Hope someone's getting right you're spending lots of money taking lots of time. Amy created Madison read because she believes women deserve better than the status quo. Madison Reed is Reinventing the way women color their hair by offering the quality of Salon color the convenience and affordability of at home hair colour and an ammonia free formula with ingredients. You can feel good about you look like you just came from a salon. But the reality is you had more me time to do what you love experience beautiful multi-dimensional hair color made in Italy delivered to your door on your schedule for under $25 join the hundreds of thousands of women who have tried and loved Madison read find your perfect shade at Madison - read. Com Madison read would like to honor beautiful Anonymous listeners with 10% off plus free shipping the first color kit with the promo code people that's code people at Madison - read. Com.
Looking for a new podcast that combines some passions. Let's say maybe comedy and music. Those are two passions. A lot of you guys have. All right, you're going to want to listen to the supergroup then on each episode of the supergroup host Tony Newsome and Alex Kleiner invite a comedian and a musician to write and record an original song with them over the course of a week can hear every step of the process from writing and rewriting to recording and mixing your songs. There's people on their polish Tompkins who is a legitimate. Genius Janet Varney old friend of mine. What a funny person also gethard show fans some of our past musical guys have been on their open. Mike Eagle great friend of the show multiple time appearances Ted Leo appeared multiple times on the Chris gethard show a lot of crossover here.
The podcast is funny. The songs are legit. Listen to the supergroup only on Stitcher premium go to Stitcher premium. Com supergroup use the promo code stories you get a free month of Stitcher premium.
Thanks again to all of our advertisers. Now the conclusion of one of the most epic phone calls this show has ever seen. Now I have to ask you mentioned something that I've been hesitant to ask about. You mentioned that you lost your kids. Yes. How many kids do you have?
I have to I have a 19 year old son and a 13 year old son. Wow my I've seen them a few times since all of this has happened and you know, I had a very tough conversation with my 13 year old where he basically said Mom either step into my life. Be a part of my life or don't you know, my ex-husband has remarried and there's two parents living in the home. He's like it's too hard for me to go back and forth. It's too hard for me to have you for a little bit and lose you and you know knowing that I'm going to prison and hearing him say that and having that you know, okay. Well I'm going away.
I told him how much I love him and how much I regret. I I was never I never thought I was being a bad mom. I was an inattentive mom. I wasn't reliable I went from you being one of the Teen Moms to the baseball team and football team to you know, always being there to just not being present for them.
You know, I would show up late to pick them up or you know, I would have to get high first or I wouldn't know because I didn't want him to see me. Hi, so I definitely in my addiction I started choosing drugs over my children. I never thought I would be that person and it hurts a lot to know that I turned into that type of person and because I was always very judgmental and anyone who would choose anything over their kids, but that absolute addiction took over I wasn't able to care about anything else except for getting high it just stole everything.
And were they were they ever in the house when you when you were dealing or any any of this violence? What's happening?
No, they were they were gone by then. I was always I was high when they were around. We had joint custody my ex-husband and I and so when they would come over I would spend hours in the bathroom getting high and to saying oh, I don't feel well I had battled with a serious illness and I used that as an excuse to my It's why I was like is the bedroom and not around because I didn't feel well and they accepted that excuse me, if I didn't know any better and they had never been around anything like this.
So I never had any of those people around the kids or anything like that. And I kind of as my addiction got worse. My ex-husband was like, you know, unless you get help you can't be around the kids. I'm not going to have them around this. I'm not gonna have them around you high. So when he said that I was like devastated so I started getting high more so I wouldn't feel that disappointment. And that's when things really started spiraling was when instead of going and getting help for my addiction because I was losing my kids.
I used more drugs to not feel anything over losing my kids.
That's brutal. That's brutal. So your your ex-husband did pick up on what was going on? Yes, he did sounds like he was one of the only ones yeah, and I you know, I try I thought I was so well, iding it looking back now.
I mean, I had all the classic what they call tweaker ticks, you know, I'd always have my jaw was moving and I was you know, moving my body and irregular movements and I couldn't sit still. I mean just classic that person tired. I see it now and I'm like, oh God was I like that and I was were you do you live in the in the southwest and imagine if if this is a matter of a Mexican cartel getting stuff over the Border I can say my state.
I'm in Oklahoma and Oklahoma and it is Method big problem there yet.
There's a huge problem here, you know.
Heroin is starting to be a problem. That is everybody. It has access to everybody can make it. Unfortunately what you make isn't as good quality as what we had but it's something that I have more people that have dabbled in method haven't and it seems like as I'm going into these Sober Living homes, you know, when you ask people their drug of choice it it's pretty much at least eight. Question of the people who are going through recovery methods are drug of choice.
It's that's an Insidious thing.
That's a really really brutal thing. Wow, and you're so 13 year-old. What's that eighth grade and 19 at your son's in college, my son graduate from high school this year and is going on to college.
Must be proud.
I am very proud of him. He's a great kid. He has gold. He ever messed. He's never done the wrong thing. He's always been that kid that trying to do the right thing. Unfortunately for me because he has a very high moral code. He's having a hard time forgiving me. He doesn't really want to speak to me and I completely understand and hopefully as I have more clean time as he can. Me changing my life that'll change.
But he's just he holds himself to a high moral standard of course holds his parents and everybody around him to that same standard. So it's very difficult for him to come to terms with the things that I've done.
Yeah. Sounds like a good kid.
And I'm sure your your names must have been in the paper and stuff too. So he's old enough that he has to it. Sounds like your younger son is just young enough that I imagine. There's like although there's a lot of teasing and stuff when you're when you're 13, but your older son has a much clearer picture of how nuts this was.
Yes, and you know, he saw someone posted something on Facebook about it and that's how he found out and he was just so angry. And I've talked to him a couple of times. I spent Christmas with them. They when I got sentenced I got sentenced January 24th and they gave us until March 7th to get our Affairs in order, you know, do what we had to do and does that the last 45 days have kind of been pretty surreal. It's like what do you do if you only have 45 days before you left? What do you I mean, how do you spend that and you kind of you don't want to spend any money because You would have stayed about as much money as you can to take with you.
So it's like I've pretty much just gone about my life like normal and spend as much time with my husband is I can try to reconnect with my children and it's just been it's very surreal like you count down the days and then you know, then you wake up and it's four days away and you're like, okay. What am I going to do the next four days and part of you is wants to go get it over with because The faster you start the bathrooms done, but the other part wants to wait until that last moment. You never admitted a freedom.
You can write there's my as you say that I feel like mine would revolve 90% around food. I feel like I'd be traveling around eating all the food that I like if I feel like I gotta get some good Indian food. Like I have four years. Huh food would be the big one for me.
He went for a steak dinner the other night. Yeah. I've been eating a lot of fast food.
You know, I don't know when I'm going to get McDonald's again.
I'm sure yeah those Wendy's yeah, you got get them when these chicken nuggets get the Taco Bell right now.
Yes, it has been a lot of food. They were like, I can't look at ramen noodles because I usually like those with good easy thing to like warm up first if you're hungry, but I mean, I can't think of eating those right now because that's what I'm going to have for the next four years.
Yeah have a tough. Question, how do you repay? How do your kids feel about your new husband?
There is animosity there because I did start using with him and because they've gotten all this trouble together. It's going to take a lot of work to rebuild the relationship right?
I can't imagine they were thrilled when you guys got married after getting arrested together.
Yes, and that's something you know, in addiction relationships typically don't work. We've been to counseling and all that stuff in there. Like they cause very serious our individual counselors country very seriously serious about you know, relationships don't work and typically, you know, you guys will relapse together and I'm like, you know, we are not there have been times more times for me.
Definitely. He is like, I don't know he's Got him right now and he's giving me a weird. Look he has this amazing like resolve of drugs took too much for me to ever give anything to them again. And for me, I've had these moments of you know, I just want to get high and not feel anything and I'm going to prison anyway, and he's like you really want to feel that way after he's like, you're not going to be able to get high and feel good.
But there's no way I mean you're going to get high and you're going to be mad and you're going to be you know, and then you're just going to be stuck awake with all these feelings.
He's right because I guess the question is when you're when you get out of prison and six seven years or now, if God forbid one of you does fall back into it. Are you going to have the strength to look the other person in the eye and say either I have to get away from you or you need to get away from me.
That's where it's going to be hard. I am we've had Very serious discussions about that and that either one of us falls off and does the wrong thing. We know that we can't be together and do that. I mean and it's very easy to say well we're being clean. Well, we're clean and I think the more time cleanly have will make it a little, you know less of a risk, but I think that that's that's a very real fear for both of us. It's the other one messes up and starts using again. Are we going to be able to not follow? Them down that path and start this all over again and get them the help that they need.
Right.
I think we've we've built up a huge support system through I mean we're we're very involved in Narcotics Anonymous and I mean we've met so many amazing people with amazing stories that have, you know been just holding us up to this whole time and like yeah, you've got this keep your head up and I just it's if anything happened to wear one of us messed up. There's so many people that will rally around and help us.
Yeah, the gravity of all this keep setting in more and more the longer we talk.
We hear a lot of real life stories on this show. And this is a this is one of the realest we've ever had.
It's yeah when I called and left a voicemail My Hope was both the somebody who's struggling with addiction to hear this and know that you don't have to be a prisoner to that life go. There's so many go find a Narcotics Anonymous meeting and just sit and listen and you know addicts here. Gotten clean are some of the most loving people and they will just wrap you up and get you help and be there and listen take you for a cup of coffee and feed you.
So please if you are struggling just go sit and then Amy it'll help but also for some of your listeners, there's so much of a stigmatism of or stigma to a lot of people with eye problems amongst the beautiful Anonymous listenership lot of people with eye problems. Of course. Yeah that and yes, I feel like there's such a stigma to addiction.
I feel like people think that the only people that use drugs are just the lower class of people that they never have to worry about drugs touching their life and I will tell you that it can hit anyone and it can happen so quickly that you won't even realize it. I promise you I could be any one of your listener sister mother and daughter.
Could be my husband. I could be just anybody close to you and you would just be shocked how easy it is drugs to find their way into any Walk of Life. It doesn't discriminate at all. It's not a lower class thing.
It's want people to know that if you see something like that. If you have a family member, please don't turn your back on them go to a meeting with them and just try not to be so quick to judge people who have problems.
Right. I mean I know and I'm in New York City. The the financial district is probably where the most cocaine is sold in the city.
These are rich people absolutely out of adderall addiction.
I'm sure leading to meth. I'm sure it tumbles through that Community. I want to add to something that you said if that's okay because because I've talked about it on the show before drugs drugs and again, I'm pretty insulated dorky guy. I'm not around drugs. I've lost.
One of my best friend's to heroin another old friend had lost touch with the heroin. I've multiple friends who live in different states because they fell into heroin had to get away from their dealers and their their infrastructure another friend. I don't know I talked about this on the show Once got a call in the middle of the night that he needed money and there was this crazy elaborate story turned out that he had fallen into drugs. It's it does affect all of us. Like you said even if people don't know what someone in their life is in over their head with this stuff.
You had said if you're listening take action go to an NA meeting find the resource in your area. I want to also add if you're listening do it right now take the action right now. Don't just say. Oh that's a good idea. I'll do that next week get on the internet right now find the nearest meeting and if it's starting soon go there and if it's not maybe go there anyway and wait until they unlock the doors because I think you are.
Very positive person in the face of a mountain of trauma and Men recent trauma and it's inspiring and I just want to Echo what you said and also say don't put it on a to-do list do it right now pause this podcast pause this podcast right now look up that meeting get to it and then, you know, listen to the rest of the show in your car and your car on the way there still waiting on ya. Yeah. Yeah still listen to my show.
I still need I still need validation for my Pursuits.
I'm actually very lucky to be in a metropolitan area where there is a meeting pretty much any time of the day here in most cities are like that. You need to find an AA or in a meeting. I found my home and in a I found my people they were all just as crazy as me and they've all you know the first person here.
Came up and gave me a husband. I came to a meeting is this little old lady? I won't say her name. Oh, I almost did this little old lady that I looked at her and immediately out. There is no way this woman the dryer drug addict. There's no way she looks like somebody's grandma and then she gave me a hug and was like, I've been there you you know, everything's going to be okay come sit down and come listen and then you know as I've heard her share this years of addiction and she used to be the person that would pull a shotgun on you and rub you and take your drugs and I'm like just it's amazing to me to hear where people have been and how they've overcome that. Do, you know going in finding help and I've been through rehab and I've been through these classes about addiction which is are great. They taught me a lot about myself but going and sitting in a meeting and hearing someone's story doesn't have to be there they're there because they want to help someone else and because being there helps their helps them stay clean is the most amazing.
Looking thing and hearing how people overcome just horrible things of Yale desk and things like that and not pick up and that's just no matter what you have to get do these moments because you're going to have hard moments just because you get Queen doesn't mean like sunshine and Roses. Obviously, I'm going to prison even though I'm creepy but it's about how you handle those moments and you learn how to call someone and be like, okay.
I really just want to go mess up right now and and they will take you to lunch or be like hey, why don't you read it, you know read this part of the literature and it's just an amazing support system that you always know someone's there.
Yeah, I mean the fact that your 10 months clean and you have this amount of clarity and the ability to speak about the positive. It's so much reflects very well on that system.
I I know that yeah, I've been through some dark places in the last few years.
Hello. Whoa, I'm so sorry. I keep hitting you with my cheek. It's happened before I hit you with my face I have to say is a that was very popular catchphrase after an earlier episode of the show.
From what I forget which episode it was, but I can almost guarantee a much lighter one than this one. But hitting mute with your face is a long-standing tradition here on beautiful anonymous.
I am my goal is you know, I've been through some Dark Places and unfortunately, I've come out those and they have I will never be the person I was before drugs again. I will never get that person back. She's lost. However, I am a stronger person. I have more empathy and my goal is just to change someone else's life to help someone else do that dark part in to sign the light because it is there. I promise you you can find it.
Yeah. Yeah. That's it's super inspiring now use it. So I it's funny. I just Just attended a thing like a talk with someone who's talking about the prison system. They said one of the really distressing things is that prisons are so far away that people's families. It's not viable TimeWise or financially to visit them. You said your your presence of an 11-hour drive away from where you live. Do you feel like it's going to cut you off like do you think your parents and your kids are going to be able to come see you?
Probably not. I probably won't have any visitors the four years. I'm there. They do have video visiting where someone can get on their computer. If they have they have to be approved contact and they can get on the computer if they have a microphone and a camera and download some software and we can do a 30 minute video visit if that's the basically you'll have access to kind of a Skype situation to visit but I won't actually have any physical visitor this While I'm there, it's just not my family just won't be able to make that trip.
Yeah, I mean that's that's a very positive development though. Even I would imagine that was video visits. I didn't know that existed.
That might keep you a little more sane. Right?
Right, and there's you know, there's all kinds of those groups. There's Mental Health Access when people the only time they have any access to health care is when they go to prison. Unfortunately, there's a lot of things that as long as I have the biggest thing I'm worried about is the depression. I've always battled with some depression and anxiety that will tell you the last like two weeks. My anxiety has been through the roof.
But there's a I think that's going to be my biggest struggle is trying to not focus on what's going on out here. I can't live out here for the next four years. I have to live in the moment in the place where I am, so I can't I can't really try to I can't dwell on the negative or else I'll just spiral and just lay in my bed and not get up for the next 3 years very easily.
Yeah, I mean we have a little over a minute left and I just want to Take them take a moment of that to just say first of all huge. Thank you for sharing this story. I think could really help a lot of people it's inspiring and you know hearing you just say that last part to it sounds like you do have a game plan, and I'm sure that's the reality is going to change that plan a million times, but I am really sending you my love and my best wishes and please pass that on to your husband as well. I hope you stay clean. I hope you keep your head on straight, and I hope you continue to to try to pass.
On you know coming out on the other side to other people as well. It's really beautiful.
Absolutely. Thank you. I'm a huge fan of yours. I'm sorry. I didn't say that at the beginning super excited to have gotten to talk to you and to share some of my story and maybe in three and a half years on the other side of this. I'll make another voicemail.
Yeah, please we should check in we should check in and I really You know, I have a vision in my head of you coming out on the other side of this happier and staying clean forever. And I really hope that becomes the reality I do too.
Its that's my goal and I am not going to let anything catch me on I'm not going to let anything just throw me off. That's I want to have a better life and I want to make other lives better.
Color, I want to just really reiterate sending so much. Hope to you and your husband so much genuine. Hope that you get through this experience safe and keep learning about yourself and makes most importantly to stay clean. Really really sending that your way. Thank you for calling. Thank you everybody for listening. Thanks Jared O'Connell sitting in the booth today by himself.
He and I sharing a number of moments of just truly Blown Away eye contact as the details were job. Thanks. Harry Nelson for all your help.
Thank you to Shell shag for the music.
Thanks. John DeLorean credit cone for me built this show you want to know about me the upcoming tour dates Chris get. Com, maybe like the show go to Apple podcast rate review subscribe. It really helps when you do it's all the business. I'll see you next time.
Next time I'm beautiful Anonymous somebody from my grandfather County calls up and I get to be an excited little dark about it. The sense I get is that Irish people and Northern Irish people are really fucking tired of irish-americans claiming their Irish. And anyway who are false. I don't want to say that to in an argument.
No, I'm pretty sure I got my citizenship baby. I'm Irish do a lot of Irish people go blind rolling their eyes at irish-americans.
It's nice because they come in they buy stuff here and there's a lot of Charity shops and that they like to spend money here, which is nice. But um, yeah, you guys are I don't know. It's like they're more interesting Irish than we are.
That's next time on beautiful and honest.
Have you ever need a doctor late at night or when you're traveling tell the doc gives you 24/7 access to board certified doctors anytime anywhere for non emergency conditions. They are board certified doctors can diagnose treat and prescribe medication when medically necessary tell the doc is available through most insurance or employers at $45 or less of visit download the app today or visit. Tella doc. Com stories to register today. That's T Ela D OCD calm / stories
A mass shooting survivor talks to Gethard about the love, positivity and beauty she has experienced in the year since the real-life nightmare she lived through in Las Vegas. This episode is brought to you by Merge Records (www.mergerecords.com code: BEAUTIFUL), Brooklinen (www.brooklinen.com code: BEAUTIFUL), Kopari (www.koparibeauty.com/BEAUTIFUL), and Caffe Monster.
READ LESS
So excited to tell you about everything being brought to you by merge records home of independent music since 1989. I'm a legit fan of merge. I'm flattered that they advertise on a podcast and guess what on October 5th merge will release the Epic new album dose your dreams from Toronto's own fucked-up. This is one of the most fantastic band's fan of the gethard show. Probably one of the best musical performances history of the show and nice people on top of it, dos your Eames continues the fucked-up tradition of Storytelling that rewards the tenacious listener with each spin visit merge records. Com to learn about listen to and shop for music by fucked up as well as Superchunk the mountain goats Neutral Milk Hotel wax a Hachi and more. I mean that's that's a killer line up. I just named it. Guess what you get 20% off anything in the merge store plus free domestic shipping when you use the coupon code beautiful at checkout go to the merged or 20% off that's amazing. Enjoy.
It you guys might know Howard Kramer from The Who charted podcast had the pleasure doing it Howard is a really funny guy true gentleman and New Jersey Howard and engineer started producer young Kevin bring an extra chart for Stitcher premium listeners. Listen Howard discuss old music with new stories like Mole Man update Summit tips much more only on the preme stream this in a new weekly episodes of who charted preme stream out now and Stitcher premium for free months ditch or premium. Go to stitch your premium. Com charted use promo code stories.
Hello to everybody who believes in random acts of kindness It's Beautiful Anonymous one hour one phone call.
No name. No holds barred.
Hello everybody Chris gethard here. Thanks for listening.
Give me a warning up front.
It's gonna be a tough one for a lot of people but it's a beautiful one too. It's one that I hope we spreads around because I think anyone who's a human being could get something out of this one. Usually at the top of these things. I tell you what's going on in the Facebook group and I plugged my upcoming tour dates in the book and stuff like that. I don't think that's appropriate for this one even just mentioning it. That's enough.
I'm gonna know where to find that info. If you want it. You're about to listen to a call that I would A is one of the most incredible calls in the history of the show and I know sometimes with these intros. I cannot be a little hyperbolic with my claims, but I think everyone's going to agree. This is someone who survived an incident that is Infamous worldwide a shooting that cause headlines everywhere that has continued the debate surrounding firearms and mental health and our country.
This is someone who was there this is someone who I learned through the course of this call is also Potentially someone who can teach the rest of us how to deal with life and how to treat others. And how to stay strong I just got off the phone. I'm pretty shell-shocked right now. You can hear it.
Just one of the most beautiful people who's ever called this show and I'm feel so blessed. And so lucky that I got to hear her words. Enjoy.
Thank you for calling beautiful Anonymous a beeping noise will indicate when you are on the show with the host.
Hello. Hello.
Hi. Hey, how are you? Good. How are you?
I'm good. I'm I tell you I was just recording my audio book for my new book and it's I was in there for seven hours today, but I got another hour. I got another hour in me.
I just switched recording with hopefully I can you know, add a little bit of excitement into that day.
I would love that. I'm sure you are but I'm I'm good. I'm excited about everything and how about how are you? I'm good.
I'm getting my summer is about to come to an end. So I have a few more days and then I had home on Sunday. So trying to soak in the Sun and enjoy the last few days of summer while I can are you a teacher do you get your Summers off? No, I'm not. My husband is in school and I actually work full-time. Time but I am lucky where I get I can basically work from wherever I need to be. So when he's not in school we get to you know, come home and you know spend time with family and see all our friends and go to the beach. So it's nice that's awfully nice.
You can work when you can work a system like that. That's pretty great.
Yeah, yeah, it can be a little hard, you know working from home by yourself for 40 hours a week, but I guess through it.
Well, you gotta you gotta put you gotta turn off the Wi-Fi and not fall down in the internet rabbit holes and find the motivation, but you know, yeah, unfortunately, I need the internet to do my job. That's a trap. That's a trap right there. But some people really is some people are breaking their backs in a much. Just situations then you and I my friend sounds like sounds like yeah, me too.
Me, too. Yeah, I mean, you know, it can be hard depending on what's going on in your life, you know here if things are going well, you know, it's easy to sit in a room all day and work and get your work done and things aren't going too. Well. It's easy to get distracted.
Yeah, absolutely.
Get your mind off of it with any other thing.
Mmm.
Now full disclosure for anyone listening you left a voicemail. I have not heard it. I have heard that it I did. I have heard that you left it a few months ago and it was it was very topical to something from when you when you left it, but it was like two or three months back.
That's about it's about all I know about what you want to talk about today. So I'm actually a survivor of a mass shooting.
Whoa.
Whoa, yeah. That's I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry.
No, don't be sorry. There's nothing you know, really anyone can do about it. I'm living life.
So yeah, but if I didn't say, I'm so sorry. What what kind of person would I be you when you can say nothing if I was like, oh cool. What was that? Like then I'm a sociopath Yeah, that's true. But what was that?
Wow?
Okay. Yeah, I don't want to make too many jokes because seriously, you know, it's good laughter is good for the soul. So joke away like two things but it's this is actually something that I got very worked up about for a variety of reasons, but I don't want to make it about me. I'm sure my opinions will come out along the way.
Where would you like to begin? Where would you like to begin? Because this is your story.
You know, I think you know as a Survivor, you know, a lot of people don't really get to tell their entire story and I feel like when a mass shooting happens a lot of what the focus is is like all on the you know who the shooter was and you know how many people were injured or didn't make it through and you know I just think that there's a lot of positivity that also comes out of being a part of that and you know I hope that I can you know share a little bit of that side of you know being a Survivor well maybe we start there because most people don't think positivity when they I hear mass shooting so maybe before we get into anything else maybe you can share the positivity or mentioning like what are the what are these Silver Linings you found or the positivity that's come out of the situation well the first thing that happened was a few days after the incident I found out that my husband actually saved or you know help a girl Who had been shot?
And so you know that was very positive, you know to be able to focus on you know, that story and reconnecting them and not all the crazy news that it was coming out in the days following him.
So that's one thing and the other thing is that there's a very beautiful community that has been created from all the survivors. Or as a lot of people like to stay within that Community, we're warriors just because it's a constant fight, you know to get through all the things we saw and had to experience but it's become a very positive community that is very focused on spreading love and it's a great thing to be a part of yeah.
That sounds beautiful.
Yeah, so August 4th marked 58 days until the one-year anniversary and 58 is kind of an important number because that's how many people were killed 58 and honor of the 58 people myself and a lot of the other Warriors. Husband has started a journey doing 58 random acts of kindness and honor of each person. That was killed.
Wow, and yeah.
So, you know, I haven't spot smiled so much, you know in the last year or so then when I'm doing my random acts of kindness and are you doing is it like one a day for 58 days you may have said that that's the idea but you know some days it can be hard to get one in. Maybe you're just not in a situation. So yes, the idea is one a day but so far I kind of My weekends are a little bit easier to go out and do them. Yeah, so I do about five to ten every weekend that's incredible and you know something, you know as simple as just sacrificing my five dollars that I spend on a Starbucks coffee every day, you know buying a gift card and giving that to someone else.
Yeah, you know, just simple small things to make someone else happy. Yeah, exactly.
And you know, hopefully, you know, the goal is for it to start kind of a ripple effect. So hopefully that person who you know received this random act of kindness will pay it forward and that person will take forward. You know, this is love is great.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, and there's a whole community of people that are each doing these acts of kindness over these 58 days.
Yeah, so, you know, we're all over the world and they're not world the country, you know, so I think that is the very unique situation because oh, I guess I didn't mention it. But the shooting that I was a part of was Las Vegas one.
Yeah, when you said 58, I imagine that that was the case. So you were at that. It was a music festival or a concert. Yeah.
It was a festival so three days.
It happened on the last day of the festival.
Right? Right. I'm just going to put out there right away if that's okay that whatever you'd like to share about being there that day itself. I'm very happy to listen. Very interested. I'm not gonna I'm not gonna I'm not gonna force the issue though because I would imagine that those details are hard sometimes to to relive. So if you don't want to I'm totally down with that and then if anybody, You might listen to this in the future is like, oh, why don't you ask for the nitty-gritty stuff? It's because this is not a game and this is not and you know, hopefully this is an entertaining podcast. But your your feelings are far more uncomfortable are far more important to me than than the entertainment Factor. So whatever you want to share share it but I'm not going to pry.
Yeah, I appreciate that. I'm an open book any kind of question that you probably can. Think of asking I probably have been asked already and I don't mind sharing anything about it just because you know, I think it's important to talk about and you know, I dealt with it and I'm still dealing with it and you know have had lots of therapy but you know, I I find talking about it is healing for me.
Me okay, if I think it's healing for other people as well just to kind of hear from someone who was there. Yeah, and you know to know that, you know, I'm still smiling. I'm still enjoying life, you know, this is this event is not going to Define me or you know, Bring Me Down.
Yeah, so I don't mind. I don't mind sharing anything. I mean, it's been it's crazy. It's been 10 months now. So yeah some of the details like, you know, you block out and they come and become a little bit fuzzy but you know that's life.
So there's some details that there's just maybe some like PTSD type those memories aren't coming back right now and That's why I mean everything there's PTSD, but you also have to remember this was a festival in Las Vegas.
Right? Right.
So the more I probably wasn't going to remember you, you know, even if the shooting didn't happen.
I can't believe we are finding laughs. I can't believe it - right just not a more basic level your and it was a country Festival if I remember right? Yep, you're in Vegas. You're having some drinks. Oh my God. So just on a basic level people are a little fucked up. Sorry Sally.
Yep. Yeah, I mean and well at least myself and my friends that I were with, you know, we didn't want to waste any of the alcohol that we brought really really that was that was a priority in that situation.
Yeah.
I mean, obviously this was at 4 p. M. So you have no idea, you know. Yeah, what was done at we had no idea what was going to happen later that night. So finishing the alcohol we did. Right, right, you know, and that's the craziest part for me about that weekend is it was one of the best weekend's of my life and it was one of the worst weekend of my life.
Yeah. Yeah, so it's crazy.
You know that that juxtaposition of the two in my mind. It's a little hard to wrap your head around right?
I've never thought about that that it was a festival in Vegas. People are drinking people are probably doing a little bit more than that. People are impaired. So when the weight when when the situation starts unfolding I've never thought about this would you say It's a situation must be people must not even their reaction time must not be on point. Like it must have taken people a minute to figure out that this was real or what was even happening.
I would imagine oh definitely and you know, a lot of us assumed it was fireworks, you know, we're like keep partying fireworks.
Wow.
And then once Jason Aldean ran off the stage at least for me, that's when it hit you know. So some I thought you know what when I thought it was fireworks. I thought maybe it was part of the show, right? It was the last day. He was the last act he's a fun performer. I thought it was just part of the show until my husband. Threw me down and laid on top of me.
Wow.
Wow. Yeah, so someone someone must descent so the performer on stage someone sent them word or sent them a signal like you got you got to get out of there right now and what happens he and the band just take off and you all realize. Oh, that's not a thing that ever happens. Yeah.
Yeah. I mean for me that was a very defining moment when the music stopped the lights went off and he ran off stage. Wow, that's when it became.
Real to me. Yeah, and he got on top of it. So this guy saved he helps save someone he got on top of your you must again Silver Linings, you'd mention your husband as one of them his behavior sounds like you must be so impressed by the courage that he showed that day a few times around. It. Sounds like yeah, I'm definitely very lucky and very proud.
You know, if you if you talk to him, he would say you didn't do anything, you know, he was in the military and he was actually Medic in the military. So if you ask him, he just says my training taste in you know, I just did what I was trained to do.
So if he wasn't there, I don't know what I would have done. Yeah, so I'm very lucky.
So can I ask so heat the performers take off? It Dawns on you that this is not fireworks. He gets you down on the ground. He's on top of you. And then do you just what's his strength? I mean, I mean he has he has military training. So I'm sure he has like who knows? I can't make any assumptions but maybe less Panic than someone who doesn't have that training.
What steps does this he kind of walk you through. Do you stay still do you try to get out and find cover? What are the next steps?
So So two things are going on, right so one you're being shot at and we don't know where it's coming from and to you're surrounded by 22,000 people and we're down on the ground. You don't want to get trampled, right? So the at the first Just like sign so basically throughout the shooting there were brief period where there are no shop.
I don't know what he was doing. I've no idea but basically what we did was every time there was a lull we got up and we ran towards an exit every time he started shooting again, you know, we got down every time a wall go Keep running, you know. Wow. Yeah, that's basically how it was. I you know my knees as you can imagine, we're pretty messed up because I'm running at full speed and then all of a sudden, you know, my husband is throwing me down. Right?
So I'm lucky in that, you know, I didn't get shot, but I got injured in that. My knees were so swollen. I couldn't block right or a week after and I'm sure that's your husband is that his training kicking and going this can't be like a gentle thing where I say.
Hey, it's time to get down again. He has to get you down and get you covered and he's not he's not he's willing to sacrifice your knees at that point.
Yeah, get you out of there. Yeah. Yeah, and you know me being the wife. I'm yelling at him. Like I know what's going on. Like I You do this myself, but you know, I wouldn't be a wife if I wasn't doing that.
You must look back and you must look back in then. Yeah, this guy this guy is this guy is a shepherding you to safety using military tactics. You must look back in though. I've how I probably couldn't get my time at just it is training a little bit more I would imagine. Oh, yeah.
I definitely apologize to him after wow.
Wow, and then you make it you make it too. An exit you get to a place where you feel safe. Yeah.
So what happened is we went out and exit and then got stuff in a cul-de-sac and had to start jumping fences to get away or you know, just to get far enough away, right? And you know cuz still at this time we have no idea how many shooters there are you know, what's going on? We're still you know in this past. If mode and you know, I'm a very clumsy person the amount of injuries I've had in my lifetime is insane.
I've never jumped a fence so gracefully or quickly in my life before just pure adrenaline again. Yeah pure adrenaline kicks in so we jump like two fences. And we got to a place where my husband felt that I was going to be safe, and he just found these random women who were walking or we weren't walking at that point. We were running by us. And he just said I have to go back. Please. Take care of my life.
And I ran with these three women down, you know one of the main Boulevard away from the strip until we felt safe and just found a hotel and stay there until we could regroup.
Oh my God, I'm very thankful for the three women, you know.
We're going to go ahead we're going to pause there. And you know, when I throw the commercials I usually like to make a joke or something. Keep it light. I'm not doing that this time. We have ads sponsors. That's why we get to bring the show to the world. So check them out. It's the promo codes, you know this feel when we get back. We're gonna get back into one of the phone calls that has most touched me in the history of the show. So let's just do it.
Support for today's show comes from Brooklyn and named the winner of the best of online betting category by Good Housekeeping Brooklyn and is the fastest-growing bedding brand in the world with over 20,000 5 Star reviews their mission to bring five star hotel quality sheets to Everyday Life offering luxury sheets without the luxury mark up their method eliminating the middleman keeping things personal from design to manufacturing to customer service and Beyond.
I sleep on Brooklyn and sheets. They're really comfortable me and my wife we like them when we want to get into bed and just watch TV on the iPad. We will often say let's put those Brooklyn and sheets on the bed right now because those are the ones you want to just settle into my Brooklyn and sheets are the best most comfortable sheets I've ever slept on Brooklyn and. Com is giving an exclusive offer just for my listeners get $20 off and free shipping when you use promo code beautiful at Brooklyn and. Com Brooklyn and is so sure you'll love your new sheets that they offer a risk-free 60 nights.
In fact guarantee and a lifetime warranty on all of their sheets and comforters. The only way to get $20 off and free shipping is to use promo code beautiful at Brooklyn and. Com. That's be Roo kli any n. Com promo code beautiful Brooklyn and he's really are the best seats ever. You gotta start the day, but maybe you got to bed a little later than you'll want it to a lot of us.
We need the morning energy boost for the day to really start a lot of people talking about coffee here right morning cup of Joe is a new way to enjoy it. Thanks the cafe monster available in vanilla mocha and salted caramel calf a monster shaking up the ready to drink coffee category with indulgent gourmet coffee.
It's only a hundred ninety calories. It's good morning. Kick right there and one. Easy to open bottle you're running out the door. You don't have time to make your own coffee grab a cafe monster. They got a hundred fifty milligrams of caffeine from coffee beans B vitamins coffee fruit extract Cafe monster offers a simplified energy blend that contains a third less sugar than the leading National brand.
It's 100 fewer calories a bottle and the competition tastes great get the same feel and flavor as your local coffee house and you don't even have to wait in line. I tell you I've had some in my house. It's good stuff. It's easy to grab and go. Like I said actually left a box of them right by my desk and that way if I'm running late in the morning, I'm trying to get here to the studios. Try not to be late grab that Cafe monster drinking on my way to the train.
That's a fun train ride after that Wide Awake Cafe monster. Chill it down Shake It Up. Enjoy.
Thanks again to all of the advertisers who helped us bring the show to the world now, let's get back to this phone call.
I just found a hotel and stay there until we could regroup.
Oh my God, I'm very thankful for the three women, you know, so when you when you were having the fan when you were hopping the fence has that was just you and your husband at that point that wasn't like a stream of people. No, no, like I mean all these people, you know, there's it's pandemonium people are everywhere. So people are jumping the fence has been you know right to the Ryan left of us.
So I would say there's maybe, you know hundred 200 people Mira.
Wow, and I hate to even ask this one because when you when you laid out the facts, it stopped me in my tracks, but I feel like I need to ask like when he turns to you and says I need to go back.
What are you thinking?
He didn't even tell me so all of a sudden, I mean, I think that is one of the worst part about it for me is he told these women and turned around and went back? All the sudden I look around and I'm like, where's my husband?
Oh, so you didn't hear that part.
Maybe he had got the II didn't know if he'd maybe gotten shot and had fallen or something, and I'm so like focused on getting away. I didn't notice. So he didn't even tell me and once the women like came up to me and we're like it's fine. You know, he went back you doing a good job or you know, he's doing the right thing.
Then I was like, of course he would go back, you know, obviously I was a little annoyed which sounds so silly, you know, I was annoyed that he wasn't going to be there comforting me, but I knew like that is the type of Person he is and I knew he wouldn't have been able to live with himself. If you didn't go back.
Yeah.
And that's in and that's when he found some other survivors and was able to use his medic training to help them. Yeah.
So the story that came out that I learned of after is there is a girl who had been shot in the arm. And he was standing there. So he didn't go like Bully back into the venue, but he basically stood outside and was like, if you're hurt come to me I can help you. If you're not hurt keep running that way, you know keep running away because people you know, we're in shock and they got out of the venue and they would just stop. Yeah. He was kind of there to be like, okay, you know, keep moving.
You know, you're okay keep moving and if you're not okay, I'm here to help you. So she probably helped many people but the one story that came out after was behold the girl that had been shot in the arm and the details that we had were originally been given we were like, oh, you know, he's like I didn't do anything. I just walked her to the ambulance.
But this girl is 17. It was one of her first country concert and when we finally reunited with her we had learned that she had gotten in a car and this woman was going to drive them to the hospital and the woman freaked out and bases. He told them to get out of her car because she wasn't going to drive them anymore.
So then this girl the 17 year old girl was like what do I do? So she runs and finds a security guard was like I've been shot. Please help me and you know, the security guard just told her to run and she's like, okay and then she finds and sorry.
It's okay. Well bleep my husband. Yeah. Well bleep it.
Don't worry about it is my husband and you know my Then is the one who takes her by the arm tells her it's going to be okay, you know puts pressure on it. Stop the bleeding, you know, you know, inspect it and then get their into an ambulance to get to the hospital. Wow. Wow.
So it was definitely a crazy night.
Your husband sounds like a really incredible person and I just want to make sure I say that thank you.
Yeah, you know, I'm definitely lucky to be married to someone like that. You know, there's a common phrase that's like I take a bullet for you. And it's like I know you would you know after that I know he would.
Yeah, he was already too.
You know, I knew he would before beforehand, you know, but it's like it just makes that that phrase real yeah, which is crazy.
Yeah.
Wow. Wow, I mean he turned around and went back he shepherded people out and then there's an actual child who has been let down twice and he steps up that's That's a I mean and here's the thing. Those people were panicking. I'm not gonna judge anybody for how they're behaving in a situation where they feel like their life is in danger.
Who am I to judge? And I'm certain there were a lot of people doing incredible things, but I have to say to hear your perspective on how you got out of there and then his behavior following that it's it's pretty astounding it's pretty astounding.
Yeah and one of the other like Hearts I was really bad for me or you know, that just made it even worse for me is I was with a group of six my husband and I were two of the six but I was with four other people, you know, my best friends and their boyfriends. Wow, and I got separated from them immediately.
You know, I just went with my husband and I got separated from them. Then I ended up in this hotel off the strip and what a A lot of people don't realize is that they locked down the entire strip because there were reports coming in. You know, the sound was echoing down the strip. So there were reports coming in. There's been a shooting at the Aria. There's been a shooting at the Bellagio. There's you know a car that's wired for bomb at you know, the MGM or whatever. So all of this like false news the sir. Relating around.
Yeah, and you know so they shut down the entire strip about midnight when we decide it's probably safe, you know for us to make it back towards the strip. I'm trying to get back to my hotel for the night, you know. Luckily. I had my phone battery. So I was able to at least text and check in with my friends and make sure that they were all okay and everyone and let them know that I was okay.
But all I wanted to do was get back to them. Yeah, of course and see them and everybody was okay at the end of the day. So the worst that the sit out of the six of us the worst injury that we had was one of my friends took shrapnel. Wow, because they ended up in a shipping container.
Wow, and as the bullets Were Striking the container little shards of metal. We're breaking off of the container and unfortunately a lot of it ended up in my friends leg.
Cool Yeah, and as she has she recovered from that, um, so it wasn't he I'm sorry about that. He yet no, no worries.
You know, she was like, I haven't been shot. I can walk. I'm okay. So he went home and waited a few days before he went to the doctor and they basically told him that it was going to be more destructive. Because I'm to go in and remove all of the shrapnel even though it hurts really badly then to keep it in there. So he's okay. He just has a whole bunch of little bits of metal that come out of his leg every so often so they come they come out on their own from time to time.
Yeah. I mean his body has started rejecting it. Yeah.
Yeah, this is real. This is one of the realest conversations we've ever had on this show by far by far.
Wow. This is getting every every question. I asked at every answer you give it gets just another little bit realer.
Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, so we were trying to get back to them that night because you know Obviously, my husband has the medic training my friends knew that and they wanted him to come back and look at his leg to make sure that he was okay with waiting to go to the hospital, but we weren't able to get back to our hotel that night at all.
And so, you know fine we tried for two hours waiting hoping that they were going to you know, take the strip off of lockdown. And we could get back to our hotel and nothing. So finally at like 2 a. M. I call my mom like Mom. I need help. We need somewhere to stay tonight. So we end up at you know, I think it was like a Wyndham or something. That's just right off the strip.
Well, we had no clothes to change into. To do you know and so one of the worst Parts about that whole experience for me was having to wake up put the clothes back on that is where the night before that was that were torn and bloody and you know dirty.
And look at the news and see what happened.
Yeah. Yeah, and let's talk about that critics clothes away real fast. Yeah, I would imagine I would imagine you don't you know, keep those for posterity. Anyway, I do want to ask just you know, now that you've kind of walked us through the bullet points of what happened. One question. I just have is in the course of that whole process from when it starts to when you get to that Windham at what point did you feel safe at what point did you feel like? Okay. I'm not in danger.
Of getting shot anymore.
I didn't feel safe until I was back in my house and following day.
Wow, so it was just a night of pure panic. Yeah, wow. Now you brought up the news again.
One thing I noticed before and I might be I might have heard you wrong or might be misquoting you if I remember right before you said something about being in your survivors group. One of the positive aspects is that it feel it. You said something along the lines of it feels a little more genuine to the experience than the crazy news afterwards. I don't know if I misheard you wrong on that.
Yeah, I mean that's about right we went through this experience and no one else is going to understand it unless you go through it. Yeah, and I would never want anyone else to go through it, but it's nice to have a community there that has gone through it and understand and you know can just help you get through it and work through it or find the help that You need or there's a lot of nonprofits that have been started after and there's a lot that has been done for these people that either boss someone in the shooting. We're injured in the shooting.
You know, it's just it's a great thing to be a part of and this community focuses specifically on people who were present for the Las Vegas shooting in particular. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so, you know it's a closed group and you have to basically prove that you were there. But yeah, it's family members of people who didn't make it and people who were there.
Wow.
Wow. Yeah what I mean for as hard as it must be and for as much as it as it, you know, it's funny because you want to say that it's a reminder of the trauma Innocent, but it's not because it's not like the trauma goes away. So it's uniting thing which it must be really beautiful even though it is such a dark thing.
What's it? Yeah, what's it like reading the news about an event you were at what's that? Like we're watching our yeah, it's hard.
It's really hard every time, you know something comes up about it. It brings you right back there and it's not even just about watching news about the Las Vegas shooting. It's any shooting in general. It takes me right back.
Yeah. Of course, of course, that's not surprising at all.
You know, it's heartbreaking.
And did you did you did you did you sorry I just want to ask did you feel like did you feel like the news was fair or the news was genuine to your experience or did you get the sense of like oh, this is they're trying to sell papers. They're they're trying to get ratings right now, or was it both?
It's it's really hard to say for me because I mean I was so glued to it. Like that's how I was getting all my information. Yeah, I wanted to know every single detail, you know, so it's hard for me to say that just because I was hooked on finding out the information and you know, I wasn't really looking at it for me. It was an information thing. I want to know how many people there were.
Now why he did it how he did it, you know all those questions and not so much from you know, if they're trying to push an agenda or sell a story or you know, get their ratings up or whatnot. Yeah, even though I lived it. I still have no I had no idea what happened.
Right? Right, you know. I feel like that's actually good to hear that you were able to feel comfortable getting information from it. And it wasn't I would have fear that it would be like this sensationalized new cycle thing that's almost like fetishizing it or something like that.
I mean like the first day or two after I was all about it and then after a few days in where you know, I was processing what was happening and Start the healing process. It did get a little hard and since sensationalize and you know social media to try and avoid all the news that was being spread their you know, I just had to stay off of it. Yeah, because afterwards it wasn't really the news about it. It was all the debate that happens after it. Right, right. Right that was hard.
Right and is that and everyone wants to share their opinions on Facebook? Right? And I would imagine specifically the big one obviously is the gun debate. Yeah, yeah, that must be.
Your opinions on that must be far more layered than most of us because everybody in America has an opinion on that. I think at this point yours must be more more complex than most of us.
Yeah and I will say this everyone expects me to be very anti gun because of what I went through and I don't think that's the case. I think it's actually made me want one even more. Wow. I'm responsible, you know be a responsible gun owner, but it makes me realize how many I hate to say it but like idiot can get their hands on guns, you know, and how easy it is. Like that's what I have. The issue is. Yeah, and we don't have to go into it because it's obviously a now it's cool. It's very touchy, you know intense subject but I will say that you've also probably heard the podcast where I think at least a few times now, I've gone nuts saying I wish they would just Melt all the guns into a big box of metal and throw it in the ocean, but that's just my it's my opinion.
We don't have to have the same opinion. And yeah, and you know, I look at it.
I'm a fisherman right I go out there, you know, I go out on the ocean and I go and slay tuna and my rod and reel isn't going to hurt someone but I would never you know, it's very similar to hunting and I would never take Sad away from someone who is responsible and can go out and hunt for sport.
Yeah, you know so that kind of like how I look at it.
Yeah, I get it. I get it. I get it. It's so funny. It's like I just grew up in the Northeast. It's not as much of a thing people hunt in New Jersey, but not everybody. It's not like an entrenched part of the culture when you meet people who hunt where I grew up. It's an outlier for sure. So I just didn't grow up where people had guns and that is one thing of like everyone has the knee-jerk reaction that basically boils down to like, why don't they just do it the way I grew up with where nobody has gone. Yeah, or if you grew up around guns, why don't why are why are these idiots?
Allowed to have guns. Why aren't why aren't people trained? You know, I do think yeah one thing I thought and again my opinions do not matter, but I just wondered what you think is in the case of the Vegas shooting in particular. It's like the level of equipment that guy was able to get his hands on seems insane to me like you're saying hunt.
That's the thing I get like if you live in a remote area where you think the cops can't get to your house in time when you call 9-1-1 I get why you'd want to have a handgun. I really do and I'm not totally opposed to that. Or if you live in an area where you hunt and your family is actually eating that food.
There's I would say there's even a part of me. That's like I think there's something more noble about that than just buying meat from a supermarket where you don't have to think about the fact that it's life. That's been taken I get that I get a hunting rifle. I get a handgun if that's how you feel. Like you have to protect your family.
I don't get All these accessories to guns that turn them into like video game weapons and military grade weapons. I just I just don't understand.
Why any? Yeah, why any person using one for an actual tool would need that but that's just me. It's just me and my opinion doesn't matter.
Yeah, I definitely don't get that either. I don't get you know why he had this huge stockpile and the crazy thing about it is, you know, everyone when a mass shooting happened and all the debate started about the gun the legality of how they acquire the Equipment always comes into play. Yeah, and the insane thing is here acquired everything legally.
There is only one thing a type of bullets that he was using that were not legal and everything else is legal. That's what I have an issue.
Let's go ahead and hit the pause button because we're going to be talking about this because why of course we are right. This is a thing that always gets talked about surrounding this issue, but I got to say the way that our caller talked about. It was very eye-opening as far as the decorum and behavior of talking about this stuff and how we should be respectful in the course of doing so so it's a really fascinating thing and I hope you're excited to hear more about it.
In the meantime, we got ads how the show Works. Let's check them out. Deodorant something we use every day, but it's not something a lot of us think about it. So I got to tell you about the aluminum free deodorant changes the game Campari campari's coconut deodorant is aluminum free deodorant, but it doesn't suck.
Okay instead of plugging up the sweat glands campari's deodorant takes care of smell without messing up your body's natural patterns and it works it fights odor with plant-based active such as Sage oil and coconut oil campari's deodorant is great for sensitive skin and doesn't leave behind us. Icky white residue just the sweet subtle scent of fresh coconut milk reordering is easy with a deodorant subscription as of smart thing right there, you choose how often you want to receive it and they ship it to you automatically for free.
So you never run out of deodorant. Again, that's one of the big problems that I run it you run out of deodorant what an inconvenience they got the Hook-Up. Be sure to check out qataris new campaign the truth stinks about aluminum and all the reasons. You don't want it in your deodorant and you've been hearing about it for years, right the aluminum deodorant. We don't think about enough.
Now compare he's coming along and telling you we're going to make it easy for your going to get you a subscription something. That's natural. Why would you not go with this? I've used it. It's great. Go to call Paris beauty. Com beautiful to make the safe switch today and save five dollars off your first order when you subscribe.
That's Campari KO, PA RI beauty. Com. Beautiful, Co Paris beauty. Com beautiful.
Thanks again to all of our sponsors now. Let's finish off the phone call.
There was only one thing a type of bullets. I he was using that were not legal and everything else was legal. That's what I have an issue again.
That's exactly where we cross over. That's where we like you're saying if someone uses it as a tool for hunting I get your perspective on that but that's where the Venn diagram crosses over of like.
Why and what world is it? Like if you have the money to spend that you can become Like an 80s movie Action Hero level human Arsenal. What the hell are we doing there? There's got to be a middle ground. There has to be a common-sense middle-ground that we just I mean fine.
This guy wasn't saying of course, I don't know how common knowledge it is, but he was using incendiary bullet and was shooting at the the Jets. Okay the airport.
part, whoa His China make big explosions happen at the airport.
Yeah, so like imagine how much worse it could have been if you know a the bullet actually punctured the you know tanks and then exploded.
Yeah, it's so funny because one of the things that and again not trying to make it about myself, but I think I've said this on the podcast I go nuts because I've spoken so much about mental health and being medicated and I feel like there's these, you know news stories that when you look into it, I think it's pretty clear that that some gun pro-gun organizations race to figure out was this person Medicaid it was this person mentally ill effectively was its person crazy.
And it drives me nuts because it becomes this thing of it. This is not a guns issue. This is a mental illness issue and it's like well, yeah, of course, of course, of course to do what that man did he was mentally ill but I do think it's fair to say it's not one or the other. It's the fact that both can cross over so easily in this guy the fact that someone that and I don't love this word because it's when it gets thrown in my direction it stings but when someone Crazy can get that Arsenal.
That's a that's where your problem is. It's not a mental illness issue or a guns issue. It's the fact that there's such a wide open playing field with all this stuff that those things can cross over so easily. It's a problem. It's both it's both Yeah.
Yeah, and I think you know being a part of it and actually, you know being on the basically on the other side and actually experiencing it and like you know, it's it doesn't matter like end of the day like there's something wrong and it doesn't matter if it's the guns for the mental health or you know, even if you know, you take them away they can still have actually put them it doesn't matter.
Yeah something needs to Right and it's you know, it's you know, it's Insidious about all of it is that we all settle for letting it be a guns versus mental illness issue. We're just like you're saying the answer really is like who cares? Okay, let's pour money into both. We're stripping down the amount of money going towards mental health care in this country.
Well, yeah, let's increase that and let's really put some money into researching how to regulate guns a little bit better in a way where pro-gun Americans don't feel like they have their rights threatened. Why Don't we put money into both those things? Because if we make it one versus the other here's what happens. We all fight on fucking Facebook and who gives a shit about that.
Yep.
That was the biggest issue. I have that must be the most annoying when you go on Facebook and you see anyone who has some like crazy and scindia opinion fighting in their Facebook comments about this issue. You must just be you must have the most justified moment of just shot. Ah, just shut up. Oh, yeah.
And even like you know, I'm not someone who really is on social media a lot or will post. Yeah anything like that, but I put a few people in their place after after it happened and not publicly I you know always do it in a private setting but it's like do you not have respect for the people who are going through this hard time? I'm right now it this big debate always gets parked it always happens people want to put it on Facebook and share it and you know get all crazy, but it's like the people who are victims and survivors of this event are also on Facebook, right or any social media platform, right? And it's like it really came down to like do not have respect for what I'm going through.
Like do you really have to put these kinds of opinions on Facebook and fight about it tooth and nail with everything like why can't we just Leave it be and like, you know the Facebook Warriors. What are you really doing about it? Anyways other than ranting on Facebook. Thank you for saying it support the people.
We are going through this, you know and not spread more hate in this world. We don't need more hate. We need more love right and we don't need my fighting.
We don't need to eat more uneducated to bait. We don't need more division. We don't need it. Anyone like I feel like anyone listening to this. It's you know, what so I feel like what you're saying is so true and I've been thinking about this so much lately so much lately and it's coming to shape a lot of my the the I've been coming up with lately is that I think there's a shift that has happened in the past five to ten years where everyone now so I think because of social media everyone's assumption is that their opinion is the starting point for conversation there appear on is the most important one. Let's go from there and it's like no when I grew up and again, I'm say it too much on the cat on the podcast, especially lately. I'm like, I grew up like a an Irish Catholic. I kind of grew up feeling like my opinion is the least important one.
And I should be I should shut up should shut up moron, but we all maybe should shut like I want to hear from like you're saying the people who are affected by it. People were there. Those are the first people whose Comfort I care about not my own that's how it should be. You know, who else I want to hear from experts people have actually studied this shit. Not not not not not the guy who who graduated a year after me and I am not not a guy who graduated after me a year after later later in high school who just wants to spout off.
About all this some guy who I barely met we met three times in 1996 and vaguely remember because he's the younger brother of a girl from my great. Like I don't need to watch him causing fights with everybody. I'm not that's the last thing I need some guy who was thousands of miles away from this. He's like actually I got it all figured out you motherfuckers. Let's go.
It's the craziest thing that we settle for that that we've allowed ourselves to sink to that level of empathy.
It's crazy that and then on top of that like if you don't agree with me, I don't want to be your friend.
Yeah, I'll just block you from my life.
Yeah, if I was friends with everyone who shared the same opinion for me as me like my life would be pretty boring. Yes. Yeah, like who cares everyone is allowed to have their own opinion and it doesn't affect my friendship with you if we have opposing opinion one.
Thousand percent 1,000% we can't we just can't descend into this culture of all put out there things. I we it's like I'm gonna just say my opinions and anyone who disagrees with me rather than a rather than figure out any potential validity of each others opinions, even if there's some painful truths to have to swallow there were some painful middle grounds to find I can literally just click block I can and you know what I can screen grab it first. I can block you and then I can put up the screen.
And so I can talk about what an asshole and what an idiot you are and then everybody who already agrees with me can go you really showed them. What did you do? You did nothing. You shrunk your world both in the amount of people in it and the amount of discourse you're willing to have good job. You really did a good lot of good.
You really did a lot of good and that's for it people on all sides of the issues. It's really driving me nuts. I cannot believe this. We only have nine minutes left. That's insane. Wow, that's insanely by It really did. I cannot believe what you lived through. I mean I could talk to you for two more hours.
I really could yeah, he is that I mean, I'll go for it you mean what? Oh god.
Oh, I was just gonna say, you know, I'm really lucky to be here, you know, and I'm happy to share my story and you know happy to live life the best that I can do and you know what I'm listening to that and I haven't lived what you've lived through.
And I bet a lot of you know almost everybody almost everybody listening to this has not lived anything close to sandwich or experience and I think all of us would be well served to remember we could take that advice and we didn't have the trauma. You've had we didn't you know this whole idea of trying to live your best life trying to be thankful for it.
We don't all we all need to stop and think about that a little bit more. That's my opinion.
I was going to ask I would agree with that one thing that's been on my mind is the the sir. Diverse group is the seventeen-year-old girl in the group. Have you have you ever been in touch with her again? No.
Yes, so. Anchor is actually the one who spread the story on social media woman who I used to work for tagged me in it and was like, maybe this is your husband because his name is, you know, not super common and it turned out yes that what you know, that was as has my husband so in May I think I think it was me. Anyways, either April or May. I can't remember the exact date, but we actually flew back to Vegas. Wow.
She had no idea and surprised her and they got to reunite.
Wow, that must have been tears everywhere amazing. Everyone cry forever.
Oh my gosh. Yes.
I just want to say this too. Oh go for it. It was what?
Oh, no, it was just very just another.
Saying that just shows, you know how people have you know, come together and these strangers that I never would have known, you know are going to be a part of my life forever.
Yeah.
I wanted to say to you just you know, this was a very public incident you just revealed that it was covered by the news. It's probably easy now for people to do some internet detective work and figure out who your husband is this girl were who you are and I just want to say this is a public incident. You mentioned that it was on the news it is what it is, but for anybody listening if you're a fan of this podcast, that's not permission for you to start sending messages to my callers. Okay, they're Anonymous for a reason don't internet detective it.
We have a caller on line sharing of an intense story that is a story of pain and tragedy But ultimately story Beauty I want people sending you weird Facebook messages because you opened up to us on the show here everybody every again, I'm going to underline this again everybody on the internet. Stop being weird be a little cooler. Nobody needs to harass you about this.
Yeah.
I mean, it's okay. It's our a already happened, you know, so of course a bad way, but the messages that are got want it was revealed that it was my husband and you know, just these random people on Book that I don't know. You know, I've never met these random people who saw the story where messaging me these beautiful things that's you know, and that was that was the best thing for me.
That's nice.
And then the random messages I get on the internet are really beautiful and nice now many of them are many that's not true. I just focus on the bed with 90% of them are people who are like thank you so much. I listened to your podcast. It's really been a nice thing in my life those ones come in and they're Phone alarm and then the other then there's 10% that are like, why is your bullshit ass ugly face on TruTV Impractical Jokers forever and I'm like, oh God. Oh God. I'm friends with those gum friends with shall he'd be so mad. If you said if he knew users instead of me anyway, who cares I'd made it about me yet again yet again. I found a way to make the show about me with four and a half minutes left.
Yeah, well, I don't know the internet trolls will always be in a natural but it well, you know, you you have the power to either take what they say, you know, it's a heart or just you know, let them just be words the truth. Is that the truth? Let them be worthy. Don't don't let the trolls get the satisfaction.
I cannot believe that somehow one that this is a new level of low for me because this has happened before where is Survivor of the Las Vegas mesh tuning is giving me a pep talk. I have somehow managed to pull that off. This is happened before on the show where someone who has lived through something that I have never seen him pray. I will never see his going don't worry about TruTV fence. I was just kidding. I was just trying to a moment of levity and I don't I know I can handle them pretty well, and I'm well.
Yeah. Wow the positivity it just needs to keep being spread.
I'm amazed at you. I'm amazed by you. Positivity love you say this community has helped get you there. I would imagine that there you would think that And this probably probably is also a factor if you had nightmares or anything any trauma things like that or is this or are yeah. Yeah. Yeah, right. It can't just all be positivity love.
I mean no, but at the same time I think you know, I've been through a lot of therapy which has helped a lot. But at the same time I just take the stance that if I live in fear or Terror or This guy this guy has power over me. Right and he doesn't deserve that. Right? So, you know, I tried to and I'm lucky because I was a very happy-go-lucky person beforehand.
So I think that gave me the, you know tools to deal with it afterwards, but you know, there's nothing I can do. I can't go to the back pass and change it. So I'm just going to move forward to the future and you know be happy. Live my life.
That's incredible. It's really incredible. I give you so much credit to you and so much credit to that community that has formed to to help help you and other people Embrace that that is incredible.
And if you have a chance you're running back to kindness and spread the love.
Yeah, what's CZ? What's your most recent one been? What's been the most recent act of kindness?
I went to a beer festival last weekend and I handed out Starbucks gift card. Wow.
So that was fun and I randomly met another Survivor while I was doing it.
Wow. How does that come up? Do you explain why you're handing out the gift cards?
So yeah, I've got like basically business cards that say, you know, please accept this random act of kindness and memory of someone's name, you know, one of our angels from the shooting, you know, and someone's like oh my friend was there and then when I got introduced to the friend, wow, wow.
I don't need it. Like, you know, I don't either recognition. I would rather just be anonymous and you know, lay them all around but it's part it's part of my healing process.
Yeah, and I would imagine that face-to-face connection with other people goes a long way.
Yeah, it's great.
I can't thank you enough for calling. This was a this one has really has has has really been overwhelming in a positive way and one of the darkest and most infamous incidents anyone has had personal experience with that that has ever called and yet you've also somehow managed to be one of the most positive people thats ever called and it's inspiring really is your very inspiring.
Well, I appreciate that and I appreciate you creating a platform where I am. For the share this story. I just I just put a phone number out there.
That's all I do. Yeah. I'm not I don't you're the best and incredible person. Thank you for calling.
Thank you.
Caller, thank you. Thank you so much for calling. I again, I know you said I wanted to say sorry about just I am so sincerely sorry that you and anyone had to live through that but I will say a huge massive. Thank you for being who you are and showing me and and revealing to everyone listening how you handled this what a good reminder about how to treat people how to interact with the world and how to deal with. Darkness that life can throw our way.
I can't say enough how inspiring more thank you so much. Thank you too. Jerry O'Connell. They get a Harry Nelson. One of the ones where we all stopped and kind of looked at each other right after it ended. Thank you to Justin window who helps organize my life and all the ways that are necessary for a disorganized mess like me.
Thank you too shell-shocked from the intro music. I'm on the road all the time. I'm doing stand-up. I'm doing my tables of podcast. Chris Gap. Com has all the dates and all the city. Is check it out you like the show go to Apple podcast rate review subscribes it helps but honestly after that call who cares go hug somebody you love.
Next time on beautiful Anonymous someone the hard past is really looking forward to a new future.
You're getting married on the clock 15 and you know, I'll tell you what, I'll Madrid you guys some I'm prone to compare things to a Springsteen song. But since you're in the middle of the Midwest, I must say the sounds like a John Cougar Mellencamp song and the whole time you're sitting there going hit the brakes. When are you gonna get hit the brakes and you just never do it?
Yep. I never did it and I just kept thinking. Oh man, like what do you say? What do you do? What are people I mean, How do you stop it once you've already put that in motion so far?
That's next time on beautiful anonymous.
I haven't mentioned to you guys in a while that we got merch beautiful Anonymous merch shop your fandom for the show. Okay, like right now we got an illustrated mug available on pot swag your One Stop Shop for podcast merch head to pod swag. Com to find a wide range of clothing accessories and Novelty items courtesy of all, your favorite podcasts are Illustrated mug was made in the USA with art by Louise Nielsen fan of the show we much appreciate its perfect accessory to your morning routine. We got the sorry. Ali t-shirt in there as well go to pod swag. Com beautiful to shop the full collection. That's pod swag. Com / beautiful.
Have you ever needed a doctor late at night or when you're traveling tell the doc gives you 24/7 access to board certified doctors anytime anywhere for non emergency conditions. They are board certified doctors can diagnose treat and prescribe medication when medically necessary tell the doc is available through most insurance or employers at $45 or less of visit download the app today or visit. Tella doc. Com stories to register today. That's T Ela DLC. Com.
calm / stories
A past caller whos made strides in living with grief, learning to tell her story and finding a path of acceptance catches up with Gethard in studio (no phones!). They ask: Are we living in a simulation? Whats dark matter? What type of scientist parties the hardest? This episode is brought to yo by ProFlowers (www.proflowers.com code: STORIES), Casper Mattresses (www.casper.com/beautiful), Stamps.com (www.stamps.com code: BEAUTIFUL), and ZipRecruiter (www.ziprecruiter.com/BEAUTIFUL).
READ LESS
Don't forget to thank the real pros this Mother's Day ProFlowers lets you choose from a variety of bouquets and unique vases. That suit every mom's style. Mother's Day is coming up. I know a lot of our listeners are moms. Every lot of people have moms. Let's take care of the moms out there right now get one dozen assorted roses for $19. 99 can even double the roses and get a premium Voss for just 999 more just visit proflowers. Com Click the microphone in the upper right corner.
And enter my code stories, that's proflowers. Com Click the microphone enter code stories mothers day is May 12. So don't wait. Did you know that rolling stone called raised by TV one of the best new podcasts and there are new episodes available right now on Stitcher premium subscription to stitch a premium. Also get the entire beautiful Anonymous back catalog. You get the beautiful follow-up series you get a bunch of our live shows. There's a lot of reasons to sign up for Stitch.
And raised by TV. It's a good one as well. It's Jon gabrus and Lauren Lapkus to people who are friends of mine truly truly hilarious people. I've known them both for years. I used to work with gabrus on stuff. He's a true lunatic in the best way. These guys have watched a lot of TV like a lot of TV now, they're adults with mines. Hopelessly warped by television.
They've come together to indulge their shared Obsession on raised by TV, John and Lauren revisit the best and worst TV of the late 80s and early 90s. Is this in a raised by TV right now on Stitcher premium for free month of Stitcher premium go to Stitcher premium. Com use promo code stories.
Hello to all my drunk scientists. Beautiful Anonymous one hour one phone call. No names No Holds Barred.
I think it'll be more fun and I'll get hi everybody.
It's your friend Chris gethard welcome you to beautiful and on this podcast that I'm eternally grateful that I get to do. I tell you I've been reflecting on it lately. I've had major life changes as listeners know I had a kid nine days ago, and it's awesome and I'm tired and I think everybody who sent your well wishes.
A lot of people who listen to the show Sydney messages on Twitter and Instagram and in the Facebook Community does have been so nice. Thank you for that. But I've been thinking about this. I think this show I'm always humble and laid back about this show. I'm gonna go ahead and say it and this is one of the best podcast going and I think it shows off what people all over the world are thinking about and I'm really proud of it and I'm going to commit to the I'm not going to be humble anymore start shouting the hilltops like this show, uh, if you listen to it, I think it means you're Dedicated to embracing humanity, and I know that that's a big thing to say.
I'm going to say thank you guys all for supporting it and supporting me got an interesting episode coming up. We have a this is a very very unique one. I think people are going to be excited about it and fascinated with the experimental side of it. We have done follow-up calls in the past that we did the beautiful follow-ups series on Stitcher premium those all exist. If you want to sign up for Stitch your premium, they're just There for the taking but on other ones on the regular feet of the show, some people have gotten through twice and we've also done live episodes we've done episodes where we set up sort of a whole audio set up at a park bench. We did those in London and Toronto and New York. And those are really well received as well.
But we never had both happen at once. We had a caller who I think is some a caller that many many people point to as one of the more impactful episodes of the show. The episode was called Whirlpool Galaxy. Seeing this episode 104 came out March of 2018 very very inspiring call but a tough call is a caller who lost both her husband and child at the at the same time and she was a widow. She's a bereaved mom to situations. You wouldn't wish on anybody let alone all at once but she found a way to sort of reconcile and rebuild her life by diving into the world of astrophysics.
Really really fascinating stuff and really like I said just call that hit a lot of people in the gut we reached out to the caller to do a follow-up and she actually told us she was going to be in New York. This happened back in December. We said what if we do an in-person follow-up never done that but you know, it's also really cold out there.
We can't just go sit at a park bench. So he said why don't you just come by the studio? So what you're going to hear now is me sitting in the studio waiting for a caller who? Has called in to just walk right through the door and she does and she sits down and we have a really great conversation. It was amazing to look her in the eye.
It was amazing to hear where she's at. And once again, I just found myself so impressed by her strength and her resolve and her thoughtfulness and I think you will find those things to be true as well. Enjoy.
Said we're rolling.
Hey everybody.
This is a caller who had called up and let us know that she had lost. Her husband and child in an accident that she had a falling out with her family in the aftermath that she threw herself into academic work specifically related to space in the as a way to sort of cope and focus on something and move forward in her academic compatriots sort of became a new family and it was really pretty eye opening pretty mind-blowing and my understanding is that she's to write down the hall and the green room. So I don't know how this is gonna go you guys don't either I guess we can all figure it out together. I'm going to go ahead and set up another water a couple per cup for water.
Walk in here and we'll talk for a while and then you guys will get to hear it and we'll be able to make eye contact and will be another experiment and what this show is always an experiment in which is listening and connecting. Okay. Here we go. Hello. How are you? I want to get up and give you a hug. I'm fighting off a cold. I don't know how you feel about that.
Where do I sit you can sit right there? I should I am. I allowed to point out your very own brand in your outfit. Yeah out of the gate just so everyone knows so the person I think that we all refer to as shorthand as Whirlpool Galaxy a weird thing to call someone I you're wearing space-themed pants and a NASA jacket. Yes, and it's an awesome NASA jacket as your they need you turn your phone on airplane mode on airplane mode. Yeah, I can hear that.
Distinctive fuzzy crackling. No, it's okay. I don't think it gets recorded. But there's okay. There's like a static thing that happens. Yeah, I'm much better on the phone than in person. I'm bad at eye contact. I'm a squirmy fellow you can you can probably explain to the listeners what it's like to be in this studio with me because I'm a naturally squirmy man in this situation not to screw me. I feel like I'm much more scrutiny than you. I think your you have a cool collected confidence, right?
Where's I'm physically hiding behind the mic. I know some Meaning it between us. So, how are you? I'm okay. Okay. Yeah, how are you? I'm all right. Yeah excited about some things in life stressed about some things in life fighting off a little cold. Okay, just sort of real life, you know. Yeah, but I think that accurately describes my life to other than the cold I don't have a cool. That's good. I hope I didn't give you one.
Yeah, I gave my wife one. Oh, no, not ideal. Yeah. That's what happens. That's what happened Note I No, I remember so much about our call. When did we I don't remember when it was over a year ago, right I think about it. It was like about a year ago because it I think it aired in March. Yeah, but we spoke prior to that right? So it's been almost a year almost a year since we spoke. Yeah, lots of changes in that time. I was going to say a lot can happen. Yeah fill me in on these changes.
Well, so well, first of all being on the show was definitely a major turning point. I would say in in my life. In general okay that could be good or bad no scale expressed okay yes yes it was a very good thing it was a turning point in my grief even I would say wow yeah because I have I have friends who I made after the tragedy or whatever who also lost children or husbands and things and they would say things to me that at the time I didn't understand like they would say that eventually like the grief becomes part of you or they would say like lean into the grief and I didn't Understand what they meant by it.
And I think what they meant by is it's kind of like acceptance and I because the first year was a lot of avoidance and like denying that it was real like I read this book by Joan Didion called the year of magical thinking and she calls it that because like her husband had died suddenly and one day she was cleaning out her apartment. She found a pair of his shoes and she was like, oh I need to keep these for when he comes back and I definitely did things like Like I kept toys in my backpack for my son and stuff like that. So the first year is kind of like yeah, like I said it you kind of avoid it and you're in denial but being on the show, I think and just telling my story which I was so afraid to do really like it led me to like a path of acceptance I think and and it's a really powerful feeling not necessarily.
Well, it's good, but it's also, you know, very painful but but very powerful. Say so the show helped me with that and it has helped me tell my story since because I recently moved you to where nobody knew me and so telling my story is something that I've had to start doing and I tried to know how to do that before.
Yeah, I'd also know that when you put it out there one thing that always makes me happy with the show is there were other people who somehow had been through similar things or people who sit at the Very least I have a new understanding of what that must be like for other people and you know, I think that it was something that other people were able to listen to and get some insight and some perspective and I think it helps them other people who are points in their own grieving process is for whatever they're going through in life. And yeah, definitely that was a that was I remember soon as we hung up immediately thinking like that was that was all that must have been hard to put out there and I'm I'm glad to hear that.
Don't have massive regrets that you didn't know. Yeah, no regrets at all. That's good. Yeah. Yeah, it was definitely a positive experience for sure. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah telling your story and hearing other people tell their stories. It really helps know like you don't want anyone else to have gone through something similar but knowing that other people have been through it is really helpful. So it was good to know that it could help people too because I think with grief one of the only things like it's it's very rare to find Comfort which I you comforted me. So I did want to thank you for that. That's like a huge help in any small way. Yeah to help but yeah, so yeah, it's just it's Comfort like one of the only comfort you can find in grief is like trying to help other people. I think that's one of the only things that right helps get through the hard days, right? Yeah. So when you say when you say a lot has changed in the in the almost past year.
What are you? What does that mean? What's changed? Well, so I'm Graduate schools. I've gone through my first semester. I'm getting my PhD in astrophysics. So yeah, so I moved from like basically the only home I've ever known really to a state. I hadn't really visited much had never lived in my new town or I'd never been to my new town before he moved for your PhD program. Yeah not knowing anybody. I moved like away from my you know, I had built this like support group of about like probably around 10 people who were memories Said yeah, like fiercely supportive people and I moved away from all of them and started in, you know base like a new job is basically well. It is a job. They go they pay me to do it too. So, that's really that's awesome. Yeah, I've heard about this thing where your student but you also pick up some scratch. Yeah. Yeah, that's nice. I wrote a proposal.
I don't I hadn't heard back last time. I talked to you. I hadn't heard back but I had already written The Proposal but yeah, I wrote this proposal for funding and it was I basically did it because I thought it would be good practice. There was like no way I was going to It but then I did so now I'm my whole PhD is funded. So that's any kind of have to go.
Yeah, I will give you money to do this instead of you paying through the nose to do it. Uh-huh. That must have been tough though to walk away because I remember one of the things that struck me so most most struck me so hard when we first talked to was you had really said like your academic Circle sort of became your family. Hmm because there was a there's one of the things I want to get to at some point is it because I remember there was some like money drama with your with your family. Mmm you saying that the academic side of it has that is that something that you've managed to rebuild in your new situation or um, yeah, so and honestly, I wasn't expecting that. So I was I'm kind of a stubborn person and I'm a really stubborn person and okay, I had decided basically like after everything happened like you really see people's true colors and there was like some people who came out and Like fiercely supportive like ridiculously supportive and then there was you know, like people like my family who were the opposite and so I kind of thought you know, I'd have you know these about 10 people forever, but and I was kind of afraid to build new relationships afraid of you know, betrayal or whatever could happen because I didn't want to be hurt anymore. Like life's already hurtful enough as it is, so I wasn't expecting to find like new friends or anything.
So this year has been really The surprising one of the best things that's come from it is there's these people in my cohort like the other First Years. There's like four of us that are really really close. I would already say like best friend status and we've only known each other since August and they've been really really supportive.
So yeah, that was really unexpected and they're younger than me. I'm like older than most people who are starting their PHD and their lives are vastly different than mine. I definitely don't fit in. To Academia very well like I don't feel like I really belong there. Well, maybe they do a little bit more. But yeah, we I feel like they're just like my my people so yeah, they've been and they're all aspiring astrophysicists as well. Uh-huh. Yeah. Wow.
Yeah. What kind of gigs can you get as an astrophysicist outside of NASA? That's is the big employer. I would imagine, huh? That must be the brass ring for a lot of people. Yeah, then is there Elon Musk? Elon Musk hiring people. Is that a think I maybe I he probably hires a lot more Engineers. I don't know if he hires scientists and Virgin Galactic. There's the space tourism thing. I would imagine there's some they're probably some there too. Yeah, and then the other is pretty much you can be a professor.
You can work at Nasa you can do a couple of other similar type job go work at you know, some of the world's largest telescopes. All right. Yeah, but other than that some we've seen that seems like it's still within the realm of Academia. Mia to a bit, right? Yeah. Yeah. It's kind of those three jobs are kind of similar like because part of your job is research and then if you're at a telescope, the other part of your job would be maintaining the telescope and then in Academia. The other part is teaching and having grad students like me. So do you know which one you want to aim for?
Um well, so I've been thinking about this. I remember when I was little I wanted to work for NASA and this one time I was moving to a new school and I took this math test and I did well on it because I really liked math and you know my teacher he said something like oh, you know your future children are going to be lucky that their mom can help them with their homework. And I was like, yeah, but also I like math and I asked him what I would have to do to work at Nasa and he laughed at me and so I've been I don't know. I've been thinking about that a lot because my current PhD advisor. She doesn't work at Nasa.
She works at my University obviously, but She built one of the instruments that was on Hubble. And now she's building. She also built the instrument that's on the James Webb Space Telescope, which is the successor to Hubble. So so the do you see the door? You've seen people of cracked the door open? Mmm. Yeah. Yeah. She's like kind of a big deal at Nasa. So and how much of your how much of this thing were you you're flirting with the NASA ideas specifically to say fuck you to that person who laughed at you. Okay, maybe yeah a lot but solid 85% When I put the percent here 50/50 probably 50/50 mine would be 9010.
Mine would be I don't even want to work there but I just want that person who doesn't even remember giggling. Yeah to eat shit and die that would be but that's the New Jersey. That's a jersey. I'm a bit like that too. Yeah. I'm now I know you probably are familiar with this. So I am no joke right now halfway through and I did not read this because we were meeting up today.
I'm a little obsessed with a magazine called Texas monthly. They do great long form. Journalism, I'm a nerd about it most of its true crime. I loved it. But I was reading an article that they had they did their like list of their best journalism. The one I'm halfway through right now is a guy who was an astronaut.
I think he's still contracted with NASA maybe doesn't work there probably know this guy who's trying to build spacecraft that are based around using plasma as fuel like the actual substance. That's found on the sun. Well, okay. Yeah where you can get to Mars and 60 to 90 days instead of nine. Whoa. No, I haven't heard of that. He has to basically harness a substance. That is a fourth form of matter. That doesn't exist on Earth. Whoa.
Okay. Yeah gonna build a spaceship that can apparently go a hundred and eleven thousand miles an hour. Damn. That's crazy. It's not yeah point being I guess I know a little bit about astrophysics on my own and my own right they do. Yeah. I was impressed with your knowledge last time. Wow. I'm a big nerd.
I'm a big nerd all that much. That's cool though. Yeah, it would be Be cool, if you worked at Nasa. Yeah, but when the telescope launches the other day, my PhD advisor was saying that people from her team get to be in the room when the first pictures come down and I started jumping up and down when she said this and so she like looked at me and she was like, do you want to go I was like, yeah, you're gonna be there. Yeah. I got to be there when like the first some of the first pictures come down that super nerdy but super cool. I know I'm really excited. I'll probably cry so there's gonna be like a whole bunch of PhD students spread throughout the country are going to be really jealous that your On the wall for that. Uh, yeah, that's my job Won't Be So Glamorous like I'm probably gonna be staying up all night, like watching these screens making sure that the telescope is doing everything. Okay?
Yeah and just like if there's like a red light that starts blinking all call the right person basic that's still kind of the dream though. Yeah, definitely. Yeah your face lit up. This is nice that we're not about. This is a moment where I can tell you're you just started glowing at the idea that you might get to see a red blinking light if a telescope breaks, but this is the dream mmm.
Wow. Wow. All right, so hard question always are always awkward to ask them. Let alone a person is the relationship with the family healed at all, or is it still keep your distance people you did me dirty keeping my distance. I they haven't spoken to them at all since the last time I talked to you. They email me, you know on hot on certain holidays, they'll email me sometimes randomly. They'll email me.
You know, it's usually like it's like two sentences like I hope you're doing okay. I love you or whatever and it it's really hard because my first reaction is I just I just, you know, I still love them and I feel really bad for them. And I don't want to hurt them and I know by not talking to them. I'm kind of hurting them, but also like hope hope can be beautiful, but it's also it's also not a Appropriate in some situations like it's not appropriate when you could like when action is more appropriate like they hope I'm doing better but there's they could be doing something to make me better. They could be apologizing.
They haven't apologized earlier example. So do you even answer the emails with your own cursory reply or just I just ignore them. The only time I've ever I guess I have responded and it's when my sister tells me that my nephew says something and then I respond to him specifically, but that's the only time I've On it, right?
Yeah, because the nephew did nephew doesn't have any skin in the game on this right? Yeah. He's you know, it'll sit. Yeah, he's only seven he was my son's like best friends. So and does that bring up any feelings of like are they is this genuine? Are they dangling him out there as a way to keep you I would imagine because it was if I remember right it was there was like Kickstarter money that had come in to support you when everything had gone down and people tried to sink their claws into that a little bit right was like that. Yeah, yeah, basically yeah money is a bad thing.
I know right? Yeah, they had done similar things before but I always excuse it because they've you know, we've always been in survival mode and people will do things. They would normally wouldn't do in survival mode, but there was no excuse for them to treat me that way they did when I was going through what I was going to are so unless they completely change as humans. I probably won't talk to them again and that that hurts a lot, you know ours.
Yeah, my life looks so different, you know three years ago. I had a husband a son. You know, I thought I had a loving mom and brother and sister and now I'm living living somewhere and I don't have any of those things. It's very strange. Yeah. Yeah, that's like what a almost wonder another hard question to ask.
So I would imagine like you mentioned when we first sat down. In terms of your husband and son, it's a process. Hmm go through stages you learn you were saying before how to sort of let the grief be a part of you. Hmm. I would have to imagine.
Is there is there some sense almost? Which your Your mother and your siblings remains more of an open wound because they're still out there and they're not apologizing and it's being kind of kept open in that way. Yeah, definitely. That sucks. Yeah Sucker Punch. Hmm. And with grief to grief is almost an open wound to I don't know that you ever I don't think I'll ever heal from it. It's like you're just you're learning how to live with it. Like it's it's always there in the background you always Of this, you know pain, you know this severe pain that's just always there but you learn how to live with it and I'm doing a better job of that. Like I used to when it first happened the first year probably I wouldn't like for example, I would purposely not smile even if you know, I had the urge to and people if they wanted to take pictures with me, I wouldn't I would never smile in pictures and and I almost like was making myself more miserable. Durable, I think just because I just wanted everyone to know that there was like this pain that was always there and I felt like I had to be kind of like sad all the time just to be true to that yet that yeah exactly new but in like since being on on the show and since like really embracing embracing the pain or whatever, I feel like now I now I'm the opposite and I'm like seeking out joy and and happy things as much as possible and I think part of the Reason I'm doing that is my front. One of my friends who was a significant mentor to me.
I would call her one of my best friends now, which is strange because she's 40 years older than me, but she's also a widow and a bereaved mother and in talking with her I could see her, you know, she had this you could see the pain you could feel it from her, but she also liked when she laughed it would like light up a room like she was she was always seeking she was always seeking, you know joy, and so I think I learned and I've been trying to do that more and these new friends that I have are really teaching me to laugh at again because they're you know this young group of people and they're really fun and stuff. So, yeah, I think the new group that I'm surrounded by their a really fun group and I think it's exactly what I needed. I need to be around people who make me laugh it right because the pain is always there and I'm I still have the dark days, you know, there's days when I can't get out of bed like the hardest day of the year was 10 days ago. It was my son's birth.
A and I didn't think I was gonna get out of bed that day, but the two girls that I'm close with, you know message me and they were like, what can we do for you today? Do you want us to be there? Do you want us to leave you alone? And and so I told I had plans for the day and so I asked them if they would do it with me. And so we we went to the store and bought like all of my son's favorite toys, like books and Legos and stuff like that. That and and brought them to this like home for children without homes and they bought a bunch of stuff too. And because I had heard this idea from other bereaved parents that on on birthdays and stuff. If you if you do like random acts of kindness, it's helpful and I did that for my my husband's birthday who was two weeks before my son's and that really helped but then my son birthdays a lot harder it and so they came along with me for that. And so There's yeah, they're there for me on the dark days to not just on the days when I can smile death. But yeah, it's always nice when you have some people who step up. Yeah, definitely thinks is I think you're the third person who's been on the show who've brought up this idea of random acts of kindness.
Where's one caller who just kind of took it upon themselves as a project to do in their life of 30 days in a row, and then I talked to someone who had survived the mass shooting in Las Vegas who also said yeah, there's a whole community of survivors who have have sort of responded to what they went through by trying to actively get out there in the world and and Put kindness forward to others. Mmm. It's really amazing how that is a that is a human instinct. Yeah across the board.
Let's go ahead and pause right there. That's a cool thing worth underlining how many people who participate in this show are dedicated towards being kind to others random ways. We got ads on the show The Answer the winning that are we bring you the show for free. So sit back listen to him that these promo codes. It really does help the show.
If you use those promo codes when you order stuff enjoy then we'll be back right after this.
Casper is asleep brand that continues to revolutionize its line of products to create an exceptionally comfortable sleep experience one night at a time with three mattress models the original Casper the wave and the essential Casper mattresses are perfectly designed to soothe and cradle your natural geometry not to mention the breathable design helps you sleep cool and regulate your body temperature throughout the night and it's delivered right to your door in a small. How did they do that sighs box with free shipping and Turns in the US and Canada, but the best part is that you can be sure your purchase with Casper's 100 night risk-free sleep on it trial after all you spend a third of your life sleeping. So you should be comfortable think everybody's heard over the years. I sleep on a Casper.
I love it. It's I'm telling you I've had this thing over two years now three years now. It's like every time I get into it it's as good as new. It's as good as new this mattress holds up. I've had other mattresses in the past. They get the wear and tear over time Casper. / is still crushing it. It's like it just came out of the box. And that's the truth. I love this thing.
My wife loves this thing. My wife has said she will never sleep in another type of mattress. She's currently, you know, we just had the baby. She's nursing all the time. She goes in the Casper to do it because it's the most comfortable place in our house get fifty dollars towards select mattresses by visiting Casper. Com beautiful and using beautiful at checkout. That's Casper talk cam / beautiful offer code beautiful for $50 off your Just purchase terms and conditions apply.
No one really has time to go to the Post Office. You're busy. You're busy human being you got stuff to do. That's why you need stamps. Com stamps. Com brings all the amazing Services of the US Post Office right to your computer, whether you're a small office and the invoices and online sellers shipping out products or even a warehouse sending thousands of packages a day stamps. Com can handle it all with ease simply use your computer to print official US postage 24/7. So for any letter any package any class amount anywhere you want to send then once your mails ready just hand it to your mail carrier or drop it in a mailbox with stamps. Com. You get five cents off every first class snap it up to 40% off Priority Mail not to mention. It's a fraction of the cost of those expensive postage meters.
Listen, a lot of people call this show people are trying to hustle a lot of people trying to chase their dreams a lot of people trying to start their own thing up. And if you are someone getting into small business, she's someone who's starting on you need to Yourself all the time. Can it stamps. Com how to do it so go for it right now our listeners get a special offer that includes a four-week trial plus free postage and a digital scale without any long-term commitment. Just go to stamps. Com click on the microphone at the top of the homepage and type in beautiful.
That's stamps. Com enter beautiful.
Thanks again to all of our advertisers. Now. Let's get back to the non phone call.
There's a whole community of survivors who have sort of responded to what they went through by trying to actively get out there in the world and and Put kindness forward to others. Mmm. It's really amazing how that is a that is a human instinct. Yeah, Ross the board. I remember what I was when I started with my current shrink, which is 11 years ago.
I was really down and out and I remember at a certain point telling her I have this weird. I have this very unexplained urge that came out of nowhere to sign up for Habitat for Humanity where you build houses for people and she was like that's a sign that you're getting better because very often when people Ooh who are kind of in the trenches with any version of these negative feelings come out of it. Your urge is like how do I start spreading that and of course I didn't sign up because I'm selfish human being awesome aware that the idea of me building. I don't the idea that if I built someone that has to house that house would invariably be I'm livable this. I can't even hang blind. I've worst fight my wife and I ever got into was me trying to hang blinds Daddy. I'm gonna build a home for summer, but I try to be I try to put kindness They're in other ways.
It's really amazing how people who survived stuff want to make the world better for others. Yeah. My therapist is actually the one who gave me the idea. She had been to a workshop for people who are grieving and it's a common thing that people do so, yeah. Now this crew that you have of fellow people in an academic environment who you say you are much younger than you. Yeah, and you're now in this situation where you're like, Living this life.
I have to there's a part of me. That's like wait are these like college get that party and stuff and you're along with it, but then there's also part of it's like no these are astrophysicists PhD students. I can't imagine they're like raging against hers. Well, so actually among scientists astronomers are known as the ones who know how to party the most really. Yeah. Why is this? I have no idea what so ever so wait you said astronomers throw down? Yeah. They throw it out. Like for example Okay, so Last it was last weekend. I was with so prior to this. I had never met like an astrophysicist before and now I'm like surrounded by them. So like if you would have asked me a couple years ago, even like what would happen if there was 20 to 30 astronomers in a group well last weekend there was that I would think like a lot of people pushing their glasses up. Yeah talking talking with citing textbooks and stuff. That's the stereotype, right? Yeah. I'm that definitely happens like in the department, but then it's like okay. We're not in we're Not in school anymore. You're not allowed to talk about research and so actually last weekend we did this thing that they've been doing at my university for I think six years now where it's called torta beer and we all get on bicycles that are decorated with like lights all astronomers and astrophysicists Mmm Yeah, 20 to 30 of us and we go to the first Brewery and we have hundreds of temporary tattoos.
Okay separate the glasses are off. Yeah. Temporary tattoos walk me through this. So yeah, we like laid out all of these temporary tattoos on this table and we're all putting like temporary tattoos on each other and we're wearing matching pink shirts that we designed specifically for this event and we just ride our bikes from Brewery to brewery. I think we rode 25 miles in total, you know with speakers on the bike and you know dance parties on the bike and you guys party like the most annoying Bachelorette party. Yeah astrophysicists party like they're getting married in a week pretty much. Yeah, and we were wearing like crazy leggings, you know, like other people whirring, I wear these everyday but you wear that you wear your space pants every day pretty much. Yeah.
Yeah, so you're all it. Yeah. Well him and on that day they were to they also were like Cactus pants and stuff because we live near Saguaro cacti. So that's a theme there. So by the end of this night, is it just a bunch of Doctored students a crashing bikes into walls and vomiting on the streets. So last year there were Rex this year. We didn't have any Rex did someone have to give a speech about that. Can we please? Yeah, the one student who got in a wreck definitely told everybody and he got into Rex actually. So on the same night on the same night. Yeah, because yeah beer and bikes is like a bad combo but yeah and also wasn't just students there were postdocs and professors. They're also really yeah.
It's truly an appropriate. It was a many levels. Yeah, although when you get to the upper levels of Academia those divisions mean a little less, right? Yeah, they undergraduate a professor is never going to go on like a beer crawl with a student, right? But grads I yeah PhD advisors will definitely drink with their students at times and stuff like every Friday we have what we call flask because astronomers are known for making terrible acronyms. So flask is an acronym. I forget what it stands for something astronomers, so Social Club, but we every Friday we go and drink beer together with like postdocs and everybody. So here's a weird question and maybe you don't want to pull back the curtain on the party culture of astrophysicists too far.
I would not be surprised if they got down with psychedelics more often than other areas of academic. Um, yeah, I well so am I current University? Not that I know of really but I could see people being why don't we just take some mushrooms and sneak back into the temple building? Yeah, I have heard. People like smoking weed up at the telescopes and one time I was with my professors and graduate students at this thing called the Oregon Country Fair, which is kind of like a smaller version of Burning Man and they were definitely talking about doing psychedelics together, but I what they were not around me, so I am not a psychedelic tight. I feel like with my notorious Lee public brain chemistry issues with always be a bad thing.
But I would imagine that if you were into it taking mescaline with a bunch of astrophysicists Italy to one of the best conversations of your life. Yeah, probably we get we have good conversations like when we've been studying all day and it's like midnight. It's yeah, we have good conversations. Then we're just kind of like out of it is there.
Is there stuff bandied about is their self what like bandied about in conversation like theories in those conversations where you guys are like, maybe this is true about space that would blow an avid like at my average civilian mind. Yeah. Like I remember one time everyone was freaking out because they were like, we really could be living in a simulation because we like learn to write simulations, you know and were like, oh what if we're living in a simulation. So once we learn to do that, it really opens up the possibility that this is A simulation. Yeah. Wow. Yeah, which would indicate that nothing in. My life is real Kinda Yeah, it's all programmed a very very limited amount of choice. I've actually made that. I am a Sim.
Yeah, my favorite question to ask just giggled the he yeah, where's to be? That's the most chilling thought. Oh, it's chewing at like as who wrote it who designed it, right? Yeah. What if it yeah. Whoo boy Harry. Yeah, so we might just be in Ready Player One. Not even know it. Hmm.
It's really good to my stuff face. Wow. Wow, I'll have to think about any of that in the world of Comedy. Yeah, so that's that's the new one that you're wrapping your head around. Yeah. That was one that freak people out the most but oh, but that's the thing. I love asking astrophysicists is what freaks you out the most about the universe. That's probably my favorite question. What are some of the answers you've loved the most? Um, well, so yeah. I asked my current friends the other night.
And one said, you know, like just how many galaxies there are in the universe one side how big the universe is one said, you know a very nihilistic answer that nothing matters. I thought that was a little bit philosophical and not so astrophysical what freaks me out. The most I would say is that like everything we studied so like everything we can see and detect even like stuff that we can't see like gravitational waves are X-rays and stuff like that. That only makes up 5% of Universe the rest the other 95% is dark matter and dark energy which we know basically nothing about like we know it exists, but we don't know what it is.
It's dark matter one of those things.
I've tried to you know, I tried it. I'm like I just consume information. I'm a nerd about just reading a lot. It's dark dark matter. They've like brought a few they've managed to actually isolate like a few. I don't know if it would be Malik. Fuels or atoms or whatever it is, but they've actually made it exists in our world, but wasn't there some concern of like, oh the people doing this might tear the fabric of our reality asunder by trying to get this dark matter to exist in our world. Yeah. So that's an example of Journalism media hype. Yeah. Yeah, you're saying fake news. Yeah, the fake news on this was the Large Hadron Collider is what it was. Yeah, there were afraid that the Large Hadron Collider was going to like there was going to be a mini black hole or something. I think that's what they thought was going to happen. Like they and that it was the Sort of thing that the me. I remember the media hyping it up. Like when they turn this thing on it might suck the earth into itself. Yeah, which that's not going to that was never going to have no. No there was no work because I would have to imagine any academic or scientist worth their salt would if that was a possibility we go.
Let's not turn it on, right? Yeah. They were totally went in turn it on if there's even like a. 001 percent chance that it's going to eat the world's we don't flip that switch exactly. Yeah. Yeah every and also, Anytime it's like oh astronomers found this thing and they don't know what it is that the media is like aliens. It's aliens like there was that alien star?
And then I think also the they thought there was like an alien spaceship but it was a comment. So yeah, or I think it was the first like object from outside our solar system and it may have actually been an asteroid. So it is funny you're in a field where there because it does I would imagine it gets them a lot of clicks to say stuff, but you are in a Old where it is legit that you're like nope, the media has intentions that are for advertising purposes and get eyes on it purposes. Hmm and you see that at times where if they actually asked people of your stature let alone your professors that it would be explained to them. No, that's not what you're about to claim it is but you don't go publish it without asking those questions, right? Yeah.
Damn damn you have to you have to be careful what you say because I don't know if you I don't know I think scientists do need to get better at talking to the public, you know, there's certainly some that are great at it. But in general it's a thing that I think our field needs to work on. Yeah. Now there's a popular expression that goes around that says we know more about space than the ocean. Do you agree disagree? Does it fill you with a fury that these oceanographers are trying to steal your thunder?
No, I think that's pretty accurate. Okay? Yeah. Okay. Yeah trying to create a battle because Space Odyssey. Uh-huh. So, you know more even so you just said that Only know about 5% of what actually exists in the universe. Well, everything that we know about is of that 5% We don't even know the full five percent though. So so you can identify that five you can identify five percent of what exists mmm without even having a fundamental understanding of it. Yeah, how much of that 5% do we understand?
I mean like a percentage of that of that five percent 100 percent. Hi. I'm not sure I'm that would be really hard to quantify and R talking about the basic things like light like yeah light and Zone and why this chair is real, right? Yeah and why certain things stretch and certain things don't hmm, so we're dumb.
Yeah. There's a hole There's a whole series of mechanisms that we will never understand and we try to convince ourselves that were the shit basically. Yeah, maybe someday we'll understand but not in my lifetime now with that in mind. I wonder I don't know that we talked about this last time. Maybe we did.
Do you believe that this all randomly happened or did it have to be by Design because simulation start if scientists are starting to believe that possibility it's telling me that someone programmed it and designed it then I'll Creator discuss.
So like as a scientist I would have the only like responsible answer is I don't know because there's nothing there's no way for us to prove or disprove it, right? Um as a person I don't I also Don't know it feels like the universe is really it's what's the quote by the way, you need to watch contact. Have you watched it yet.
Wait the Jodie Foster. Yeah. Yeah when that the Aussie got the Ozzy. I've been told I've been pronouncing it Ozzy. No. Okay. So there's a so, it's really that good. Oh, it's good. Yeah, it's my favorite have a public screening were being We Rent Out Jarrod. We rent out a theater Harry. Can you write this and we rent out a movie theater to show contact and we invite any beautiful Anonymous fan in the area to come watch contact with me for the The first time that's a great idea good good discussion. Okay, so you're saying yeah, there's a quote in the movie that says something about how the universe is so big if there's nothing else out there would be an awful waste of space and they were talking about aliens in that movie probably but also, I don't know. Yeah, the universe is so big and the more I learn about it the more big and crazy.
You know, I'm realizing it is and so Don't but I don't know now. I'm dumb about this stuff. You're not is it s simple it like in my very rudimentary level thinking is it as simple as if we were to be able to go through a black hole something's on the other side. We know there's some other thing if you get through one and we know those are there some things on the other side and we have no idea what that is. Is that the basics um, well that could be that could be possible or you could just you know, go in and just died and it's just like one or the other either there's a whole other conception of what a universe is on the other side of it or you just disintegrate into Adams instantly and no longer exist. Yeah through spaghetti spaghettification. Like we learned last time spaghettification. Yes Aunt to remember not understanding that last night.
Uh-huh. Wow. Wow, I think there's so we have 25 minutes left. Okay, I think there's something to be said and who knows maybe it's just because I'm person took more about things like this, but I will say within the past year the idea that we're like joking more about this side of things is a sign.
Of like you said that the grief is changing and transforming. Mhm. That's cool. Yeah. Can I ask another hard question? Yes, has there been any thought towards things like dating? No not no. It's not a thing yet. Hmm might never be might never be. Yeah. I say I say never but my Widow friends say don't ever say never. Yeah, but yeah, that's just the thing that you hold close to your heart right now. It's not even yeah.
Yeah.
Last time I really appreciate how you were very, you know sensitive with me. Yeah at the time that's what I needed and this time you can ask me more questions if you want to and if it's too much I can just tell you it's too much but I have told this story a few times now like to my classmates I had to tell them even though I once I told them I found out they already knew and then I told my PhD advisor well that was through an email but She already knew to so yeah, but I'm getting better at talking about about the details of what actually happened. Yeah. Well, I always I said it.
I'm sure you heard in the intro the episode. I knew I said some of the listeners are going to be mad that I didn't just go what happened, but it was just so clear to me that that was not it's not it would have crossed over into the show being I could feel it immediately of this would be for the purpose of the sensationalism of that story. Hmm, and it didn't seem like a thing that you felt was necessary to tell in order to get out what you wanted to get out via the call.
So I never wanted to ask so I would say if that's something that you feel like would offer up some value for you to share personally or you think other people get something out of it. It's up to you, but I've never never wanted to A force that question because it didn't seem like it would be nice just didn't seem like it would have been the nice thing to do back then. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, I appreciate Ya Back Then I don't know that I'd be able to handle it now. I've so back then I had only had like a couple panic attacks and I didn't really know how to handle them. I've actually been having panic attacks a lot more and I actually thought I was going crazy. I thought they were going to put me back in the psych ward again, but now I'm like learning. I'm learning how to deal with panic attacks. And and I yeah to the point where things that used to would have been a panic attack are now just like me having like maybe just severe anxiety and just getting through it. So I'm my anxiety has like gotten very very bad this past year.
Yeah or recently since going to just I think grad school is really stressful and so having that and it's linked to my you know survival like I have to have Be successful in it to keep you know to survive monetarily and everything. Also, it's like my my biggest dream and I would be really sad if I didn't have it and then they're used I don't want to I'm reading I hope I might be reading too much into this but is are you also saying that like when your anxiety hits based on the amount of real-life stuff you've lived through do you feel like it's just like goes in deeper. Does that add to how deep it cuts with the And stuff like that. Yeah, cuz baby, so I have PTSD to coulomb. So like when basically whenever my anxiety level increases when I get like adrenaline in my system, it's like I'm I'm back.
I'm back on the worst day again, and and I get images in my head from the day and I have to like push them away and stuff and and just being in in grad school in general increases my anxiety. So little things that normally wouldn't make me nervous. I'm already Like a level of anxiety that's pretty high. So just little things can push me over.
Yeah, but I I think getting through my first semester of grad school. I now know I now know I can get through my whole PhD and also just like I mentioned earlier like once you Embrace, once you embrace the pain and the grief you it's a I was saying it was like a powerful feeling because you realize you've survived your worst imaginable nightmare. So like what else can happen like I it's like like I can handle anything, right? So it's so yeah that that's helped and I've kind of like my therapist says like when you have anxiety you it sounds cheesy, but you kind of like, you know, tell yourself reassuring things. And so that's one of the things I tell myself is like I've already survived the worst like right like I can handle anything and not only have you survived it, but it's this.
I feel like you're in this and and I want to say incredibly unique but other people other people do have do lose people in an instant. Hmm, and you're in a situation where it's like oh, oh It's like it put it's almost like it pushes a reset button on so many aspects of your life. Hmm so I can now I just go and live another life, I guess. Yeah, exactly. It feels like a completely different life. Like I feel like I've had like three different life's basically here. Yeah, then I I gotta say it's really inspiring that you're like, all right.
However another life And I have to get over something that is. Truly unimaginable by anybody's standards I guess my next life will be me getting a PhD in a field. That is I would imagine even in the academic world. One of the hardest like no offense. Okay, everybody knows my relationship with school, but this is not like you're getting a PhD in American studies that I studied. All right, that's a lot easier to wrap your brain around then I astrophysics, right? This is not a this is not a comparative literature PhD.
Let me read a mess up. Damian text and compare it to a victorian-era English to this is high-level. This is even the other academics or looking at you guys going well. I don't know what you're talking about.
I'd like to pause this show just to apologize to anyone who's in the world of comparative literature. I have no idea. Why in the moment. I felt well worth slamming completely unrelated academic discipline, but I did maybe it made me. Made you laugh. But I'm sure there's at least a handful of people out there going. Hey, that's what I that's what I studied chill out. My bad. Everybody will be right back with more conversation.
I am someone who has been in a position to hire other people over time. I've had projects that I've been at the helmet and I've had to make hires and it's hard. It's hard to find people who are qualified takes a long time. You start to read everybody's everybody's resumes and depth and you're going some of these are not fit some of these are now I got to divide them up into different piles and folders, but you know what, there's one place where you can go to make hiring simple fast and smart a place where growing businesses connect to qualified candidates.
Place is zip recruiter. Com. / beautiful. Zip recruiter says your job to over 100 of the web's leading job boards, but they don't stop there. They're powerful matching technology. Zip recruiter scans thousands of resumes to find people with the right experience and invites them to apply to your job as applications come in sit recruiter analyzes each one and spotlights the top candidates. So you never miss a great match.
Zip recruiter is so effective that four out of five from employers. Who post on zip recruiter get a quality candidate through the site within the first day and right now my listeners can try zip recruiter for free at this exclusive web address. Zip recruiter. Com / beautiful. That's zip recruiter. Com beautiful.
Zip recruiter. Com / beautiful. Zip recruiter the smartest way to hire.
Thanks again, everybody sponsors, beautiful Anonymous now, let's finish off this face-to-face. Vote.
This is not like you're getting a PhD in American studies that I studied. All right, that's a lot easier to wrap your brain around then astrophysics, right? This is not a this is not a comparative literature PhD. Let me read a Mesopotamian text and compare it to a victorian-era English to this is high-level. This is even the other academics or looking at you guys going well. I don't know what you're talking about. Out. Yeah, and that have you ever heard of imposter syndrome I have okay. Yeah, that's the thing. You constantly feel like you don't belong in the life that you're living.
Yeah. So that's like a really common thing amongst astrophysics P I think scientists in general. It's something we talked about a lot especially we have tea time with the women in astronomy. And that's something we talked about all the time and I think that adds to my anxiety as I have impostor syndrome like and it's worse for people who Are marginalized in some way or so it's worse for like women in this male-dominated field or for like, you know, people who grew up poor for example, so yeah that adds to the anxiety as well. Right because you look around and every feel like everyone's smarter than you and you feel like you're constantly in Good Will Hunting.
Yeah. Have you seen that one? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, and I would imagine to it must be even more pronounced with imposter syndrome when You with some people that is just a hurdle. They have to get over but you legitimately would have been living a life where none of this happened. It was already happened. You are already living like you were saying you've lived three different lives. There's been other things where it's like no I thought it was going to go totally this way.
Why am I wearing a NASA jacket again? How did I get that one? It's really.
It's quite fascinating. Yeah, I have to say to I've been hesitant to say this. But just in the spirit of I'm dragging all this information out of you. I will say that I'm expecting my first child right now. Yeah, I did hear that and the I have to say when I heard that we're going to talk again. I remember when we first talked feeling.
So much like being able to understand holy shit. That sounds like it must be the most painful thing. But now that I'm expecting a kid. It's like such a level of fear when I think about your story and My kids not even here yet. And I feel like I understand it. A little better and I don't know how you've managed to pull off all this.
High level achievement because I already know just being a few months away that that's you must have 99 reasons to just stop in your tracks. Mmm. And you managed to find one that kept you going. Yeah. Yeah, that's I do want to say congratulations, by the way. Thanks and sorry to bring it up in such a morbid no contacts. No, no that yeah make this something that feels like if we're having a real conversation that is a thing where I'm like, wow, I get it just a little bit more. Yeah, and you'll get it more. Whoo. Yeah.
Yeah. I mean, it's it's got to be one of the I don't I can't I can't personally think of something that could be more painful than losing a child. Yeah. It's got to be probably one of the worst human experiences forever. And yeah, I don't I don't I don't I'm surprised that I've made it there definitely were times when I didn't think I would like I definitely thought about like I had a plan even to I was going to kill myself Yeah, but I But I got through that and and now it's not even a question. Like I'm not going to like once I decided I wasn't going to like the reason behind it.
I know I won't ever do that, but it definitely like it definitely was a thought for sure and of course, yeah, I mean and I've been I've been someone a borderline activist towards that cause and I know this is a very very dark almost but not even joke, but where it's like, yeah, if anybody has a right to make a plan and and put your tone a yeah, you're gonna you're gonna think about it the most of course. Yes, and I'm so happy you didn't but it's not even like a question. Of course, you're gonna have every dark thought in your head, of course. Yeah, it does get dark and I said I still have I still have dark days. I still have days. I don't get out of bed, but it's not going that far.
No. No, good. Good good. Yeah, not anymore. So yeah, we need you to crack the code on how to get us to Mars. Like could you be that person is it is there a possibility that year like something clicks and like are you working in a program that high level where like I guess it's hard to think about it yourself, but when you look at these you said there's like four or five other people that are your people. Hmm.
Are you looking at them going? Like you might be smart enough to crack the code on something is it that type of thing as your program that high level? Um, yeah there there's been people who have made, you know, pretty big discoveries at my school and stuff there. It's like a top-10 program in the world. So there's lots of for space science. So it's a really there's lots of high achieving people there. Yeah.
Yeah usually science though how it works is you make small incremental progress. And then every once in a while, there's a weirdo who steps up and is like you're all thinking of it wrong, right? Yeah. It is reading that that as far as us getting to the Moon. I forget the exact specifics but there was like a way that people were aiming to do it and there was one guy that was like we're all doing this wrong and why Won't Anyone listen to me and I think he like kind of went off when out of the chain of command and wrote some letters to some people that were like we got to think about it this way and they finally listened and he was just one weirdos like No, I'm thinking wait different. Uh-huh.
Yeah, that's all it takes is like when weirdo to come up with a different way of doing it. That was Einstein, right? He loves. Yeah for sure famous examples. Hmm Tesla. Yeah Edison was more of the Edison lived in my hometown. Oh really? Fondness. Yeah. My mom's house was knocked down due to the Edison factors expanding when he was a kid tells you how we were doing that being said, he was a little bit more of a genius / Thief.
Yeah, I have heard that that happens to ya gotta watch your back in this academic world. Yeah. Luckily. I found myself in a program where everyone's very collaborative because a lot of you know programs aren't that way it's very competitive, but I'm at a place with like lots of good people who are very collaborative. That's going to get real shit done. Uh-huh.
I don't know if you're at it. I would imagine a place like some of these put like a place like MIT where it's a fight to get in that must mean everybody's like like hiding their research from each other a little bit more. Yeah. Sure. Yes. I should. Yeah the ivy League's you know are known for being like shark tanks and stuff. Yeah. No. Thanks. No, I wouldn't like that. Now I once did a college gig at Dartmouth.
That's I haven't league right? I'm sure that's how smart I am. I have to ask if I believe everybody there plays beer pong every night. Every house has a beer pong table in the basement. They all think it's the coolest thing in the world that there's this omnipresent level of beer pong and they were all nice kids and it was a beautiful campus.
But I wanted to just grab a me like the beer pong thing particular.
It's not cool. You all think it's so cool. Not that cool.
You know, what's cool get a bunch of astrophysics. Some bikes all fucked up crashing into each other. That's what's a good party. Uh-huh, then they fall off the bike and then they look at the sky and all of a sudden that's when the Revelation pricing it allows us to colonize Jupiter.
That's what I think. That's what I think. So. Yeah got about 11 minutes. Left 11 minutes. Do you think we should talk about I it's up to you. I mean any questions you've been wanting to ask I am I am you had brought up that you're more willing to talk about some of the details. I'm tempted. But like I said, if you think it's not going to give you anything or listeners out there anything I don't need to know but I am tempted so that a curiosity sake.
Yeah, so well, so my PTSD and so I recently found out Going to a conference for the James Webb Space Telescope and I looked it up and I found out it was going to be on the beach and the worst day happened that the ocean and so I had not asked that ocean driven question before. Yeah, no. Sorry about that.
You're fine.
I didn't even know I was no it's totally fine. But basically I have this like Like so I used to be where I couldn't see pictures of the ocean. Now, I can see pictures then I couldn't see videos now. I can see videos but I still haven't been back to the ocean and in about in about seven months. I have a conference there that I've signed up for so I was talking to like my therapist and I was like, I told her lie, you know, I am going to this conference. I need to confront the ocean before then because I don't want to do it around my colleagues because I actually did see the ocean once from far away and I had a crazy panic attack.
And so obviously I don't want to do that in front of my colleague. So basically in the next six seven months, I have to get over my fear of the ocean and I'm trying to decide how to go about doing that which the so the two year anniversary is coming up in about a month from today and my childhood best friends who have been super supportive are flying some To be with me and last year.
What we did on that day is we hiked the the tallest mountain in Oregon. The point was to get as high above sea level as possible. I don't know. He just make up these things to get through the day. So this year though, I might ask them to go to the ocean with me for the first time. So I'll help you get through that before the conference itself. Yeah, and my therapist says with with PTSD with anxiety you have to she said basically When I do, you know go to go to the ocean when I confront this I have to I have to overcome it because if I go and and like basically the anxiety wins, then it's going to build up even more. So it's like a battle. I can't lose like when I decide to do this, I have to like I have to do it the boxing match almost. Yeah and is Gonna Knock You down and you have to get up before the 10 count exactly. Yeah, which you know, I've done that a lot in this past year like with the panic attacks that have recently been restored. Recently been happening.
I've had to do that. Like I I was at for example, I had to give this presentation and I was afraid I was gonna have a panic attack and not be able to talk maybe run out of the room or something because I had had a panic attack during class and I had to run out of my class and that was I had never experienced that before anxiety is the worst.
But yeah, so so I just had to I almost didn't give the talk. I could have emailed my professors and been like look. This is my situation. I haven't told them yet, but I think they would have Allowed me to not give the talk or whatever, but I just did it and it was easy. I wasn't even nervous nothing bad happening. So now I know that's something I can do.
So this is just a more extreme version of that basically have to be successful at it when I do decide to go there. But yeah, so it happened at the ocean and it was a freak accident. It doesn't happen to very many people. It's like a very regional thing but Basically one minute they were there in one minute, you know, they were gone right I turned around and they had been swept out to sea by a sneaker wave. Right and my memory like I've blocked it out a lot. I have avoid those memories and that's what my therapist calls it.
So I have like bits and pieces of memories from the day mostly mostly my men. Like I can handle what happened to me. I just can't handle what happened to them. So a lot of my These are things that were happening to me because things that happened to them. I still can't I can't handle it. No, of course. Yeah, that's horrible.
I'm really sorry. Thank you.
Yeah, that's like Growing up in Jersey. We got the famously you got the Jersey Shore which is a as everyone knows 10 nightmare people, but also the actual short itself is beautiful, but there is always that thing of every parent when your kid is like Don't fuck around because it can.
You got to show respect and it's that's that's really.
That's really hard to hear that your family is one of the situations where it's like, yeah, you have to be really careful because it's not a it's not a joke. Mmm. Yeah, and with sneak like we were very far away. We weren't anywhere close there were you know, it was it was in Winter. We it's not like we were oh you weren't even swimming. Oh, no, I wasn't even like because we get warned about like, oh there's Riptides and stuff. And yeah.
No, it was just on the we were in yeah, we were on the we were like actually on these rocks. We are far far away and in Oregon there's this thing that happens where you'll be watching and you watch the waves come up to a certain point and they've gone up to that point all day. Then suddenly there will be one that's just out of nowhere.
And so yeah, we weren't. Yeah, it was Winter we were doing what everyone else was doing on the beach that day. So so there are a whole bunch of other people out there and it's just yeah, I mean, yeah, there was there wasn't anyone near us at that time. But because we were taking a walk but yeah, there was lots of people there that day with their family. So it's like few hundred yards that way if you g yards that way those people didn't have to experience this, right? Yeah. It's a it's this like freak thing that happens.
That's horrible. Yeah, really? Sorry. Thank you. Yeah, that is one that I imagined.
Again Hey, like, we said during our last call I can see how that would also help put you on a quest to figure out how how the world works like you started to feel now. It's like what is this universe? Why does it behave the way it does? Hmm, it does feel very random. And yeah, yeah.
Yeah, cuz there's so many little things that day that it you know, one of the things I've learned to not do is think about the things you don't have control over because I was driving myself crazy for a while going back and being like, you know, I was the one who who wanted to go to the beach that day. For example, like my husband took me because I was the one I'm the one who likes to get out and stuff. And so I just remember him being like, oh, maybe we should go here and I was like, oh no, let's go to the beach and so Those things can really torture you, you know going going back over the day, you know, a million things could have been different and it would have turned out so differently, but but it's also I'm sure you know, logically and doing this show we just before you came in and we did a call from someone whose parents your dad was a quadriplegic because a car hit her. I don't know where it hit their car. I don't know where you know.
Maniac can show up in a movie theater with a gun these days like it's that's not on you and you know that logically, but I also know that it's such bullshit to in any way say The emotional side of that is not real, right? Yeah, so I'm sure you've had that conversation a million times. Yeah. Yeah, I think everyone who's lost someone goes back and thinks of all the things they could have done to make it not happen. And that's one of the things that tortures you the most but it's so it's one of the things you learn to not do you know in in general I've learned, you know, if I don't if something's hurting me or if something's get you stressing me out or giving me anxiety, I think about it and it's like do I have control over it? And if If the answer is no then I have to just let it go if the answers. Yes, then I can actually do something about it, but forget if we talked about this last time but scientists.
notoriously The Stereotype is not spiritual people in fact cynical Atheists is the stereotype.
Is this something that you thought about is it?
Do you think about an afterlife to you? You're someone who's had to consider that? Yeah. Yeah, I definitely think about it in the field that were people I think are known for rolling their eyes at it a little bit. Yeah, people are there certainly been very vocal scientists who come out as you know, anti-religion and stuff.
I think we did talk about this a little bit. Yeah a little bit. Yeah, but I think there's definitely you know scientists who are religious though. You know at my school there's there's a few for sure and I would say most people are agnostic though. I would say most scientists or agnostic but I definitely think of always been a little too dumb to know the difference.
I think atheists, you know, it takes takes some Faith to say there is no God while agnostics or agnostics or like maybe there is maybe there's not yeah agnostics are sort of like probably doesn't matter either way. Yeah it is. So why worry so much about it? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, have you decided what you think?
No, no, not really. Yeah, I'm not sure I you know, obviously I would hope to see them again someday, but so maybe that's where really didn't did come from is from us trying to comfort ourselves when things like this happens, but it's also a common theme throughout Humanity. So right who knows I don't yeah, I don't know.
Yeah, I've been thinking about it a lot lately. I don't know. Why do you think because you're becoming New dad probably probably something to do that. Yeah and a lifetime of Catholicism that I always have to unwrap it make your life stage. But yeah, probably probably because the kids on the way. Yeah, and it's just there's also a weird thing where it's like it's gonna sound really small potatoes in the context of anything else we've talked about but I think about my life a lot as like a performer and why I'm still so addicted to getting on stage and I I do think like I've realized that.
Me getting up out of microphone in a room full of people. It's the closest to church. I have at this point. Hmm and the idea that when I'm doing comedy and even more so watching comedy. It's like when someone says something true and everyone else starts reacting to it. Mmm. It's like oh that is This idea that we can all kind of collectively come together and connect on things and agree on things and on an emotional level.
Be experiencing stuff together. That is that that is whether God is real or not. That's the closest I get to God, you know, is that is that when you have one of those magical shows where it's like it's not just I told the jokes and they laughed it was like something happened in there, right? Yeah. I'm not going to forget that night and they're not going to forget that night. Yeah. Yeah, I could see that. I like that. Yeah for me.
I feel like doing research is my version of that so I get that feeling. Yeah.
Yeah, and you get to look through telescopes. Hmm.
See if God's up there. I haven't seen anything yet, but maybe one day you'll point through that like that telescope through the black hole and it'll just be like some bad at something like a badass just sitting there laughing at us. This was all just a board game. I set up. It's still going.
Well, this ended weird are over an hour in I've managed to make it and weird and philosophical and undefined. But it was really it's really good to talk to you again, and also to see you and I love your outfit. Thank you, and I'm happy to hear that you're connecting with more people. And finding that momentum that's exciting to you and as always just That's also just done me up. Most level just can't believe what you've lived through and can't believe how strong you are two-faced it down.
Thank you. Thanks for coming into the studio. Yeah, it's a little weird. Yeah, you got to sign the table the whatever you want. Oh, really? Yeah buddy does graffiti all over this thing. So whatever you want to put her in the right. Okay, these are harder to end when we're in the same room together. You can be other in person ones.
Just walking other direction. Yeah, you're here. Even Harry and Jared or did Harry standing up with his hands on his hips. He doesn't know what to do. Nobody knows where all right, I guess we should say our I okay. Yeah. Thank you again for talking and everything. Thank you. Sorry. I bet all the parts where I made it weird.
I got to thank our conversationalist not really call her today the coming in letting us know how she's doing with the last year has been like the progress in the degree. And also how the grieving process unfolds almost a year later. What a strong and beautiful person and to just sit and talk, it's good.
It's good person.
Pick three feet away little more intense than usual and I'm a little more Square me than usual, but I can't believe how strong that person I just got to talk to is so thank you for coming in. Thank you guys for listening. Thank you Jared O'Connell and Harry Nelson. Thank you to Justin Linville. Thank you to Shag for the intro. Music Chris gifts. Com as we can. Come meet me on the road. I do a lot of stand-up live taping sometimes check them out you like the show go to Apple podcast rate review subscribe and see you next time. I'm beautiful and animus.
Next time I'm beautiful and animus if you heard about someone who needed help right now, would you step up and help them because this caller did I just drove I just got back this morning from a like eight hour drive to go check on a friend of mine who was suicidal last night.
That's bad.
I'm sorry.
Yeah. Whoo. Oh, no, I'm like as terrible as it is. Like I would like I'm so happy to do it. Like obviously I wish it wasn't that situation. But like she literally didn't have anybody closer to her, you know, and she like is somebody we played Dungeons and Dragons with the my last night was the first time I actually met her.
That's next time on beautiful anonymous.
Hello, Kris, and my fellow beautiful Anonymous listeners. So after I recorded the follow-up, I thought it'd be nice to share this song with everybody my supportive older brother and his wife and the artist who sings it Claire Riley row all sat down and wrote it together for me and then my brother recorded and produced it in his studio and he titled it Sky Full of ghosts after watching a cosmos episode where they discuss how the light from distant stars and galaxies takes years to reach us sometimes up to billions. Of years.
So we're seeing these objects as they were in the past not as they are today and it's possible that some of these objects may not even exist anymore. So it's almost as if we're seeing their ghost. So anyways, I hope everybody enjoys it as much as I do and thank you for listening and I love y'all.
All this time and all this space.
Is it 20 years old just to today?
Seems like forever since yesterday.
No, we were like years way.
I got my head up and the clown tube of because I know that's where I'm holding on to this having love because I can feel you so close.
And A Sky Full of Gold Sky Full Of God sky fall of God.
buddy is a running game black hole Burnin deep and start Brown control count lay down to get my head up and Clouds above because I know that's where you are.
Hold on to this heavy love because I can feel you so close.
Sky Full Of God, it's got all the gold.
It's got a full of God Sky Full Of God.
I used to think forever for I didn't know it meant today.
Your smile just want because I know that's where you are.
Happy love because I can feel you so close.
In Sky all the gold sky sky full of gold.
Things just kinda suck at this point in life, but this caller found sanctuary in roller derby. This episode is brought to you by Fruit of the Loom (www.fruit.com code: STORIES), Magoosh (www.magoosh.com code: BEAUTIFUL), Circle Home Plus (www.meetcircle.com/beautiful code: beautiful), and White Castle (www.whitecastle.com/stories).
Hello to all my blockers in my Jammers animus one hour one phone call. No names No Holds Barred.
I'd rather go one-on-one.
Hi, everybody. Welcome to beautiful and on this planet. His death are so lucky to host this show so lucky and bring phone calls to the world conversations to the world with real people in their words unfiltered unproduced unedited allowing the world to go on record with their stories.
Thanks to everybody who's listening to the show last week. We had a caller who had found some some real scary medical stuff and the reaction in the beautiful honest face. Book group, which if you're not in there, it's a lovely thing we discussed the episodes and some other dumb stuff and it's very simple and it's it's wonderful. I thank all the mods who helped that group run the reaction to that episode was was pretty delightful. It was a lot of people sharing their own medical stories or letting the caller know they went through something similar showing that empathy and a lot of people trying to solve all the logic puzzles and also expressing how frustrating they if they found it. I was not the only Going Harry and Jared. Why are we doing logic puzzles on the shown?
Some people actually just put out the answers so we could all have peace in our hearts. So thank you. I think that was Jonathan. Oh, I don't know if ever shouted you out. You are a champion poster in that Facebook group. And I think you solved all the logic puzzles to uh to remove that demon from our community's Collective guts.
Thank you for that. This week's episode. I'm going to just go out ahead and say I think one of the one of the most concerning ones yeah, but I think we're going to put it out thought long and hard about it because I think it could help a lot of people and I think there's other people in similar situations or who have been through similar situations who will get a lot out of it.
I'll never stop thinking about this one. I hope the colors doing okay today and in the future because you deserve it. You're going to hear the first 15 minutes of this one. You're going to go what's this guy talking about? They're just talking about roller derby the whole time and I got no problem with that. I would talk about roller derby for an hour or two. Be cool always like roller derby since I was a kid.
It's like Pro wrestling's weird cousin on roller skates. I like it, but car starts telling us about their past and then you start to realize that it is the caller's present and that there's a lot of tension and pressure in the collar is right in the middle of some major life decisions and the caller has dealt with a lot of other people have put this collar and some bad situations and she is she is figuring About her choices and it's that times pretty scary and I really just hope she's doing okay. I'll also say this though in a way that I think is really beautiful colors. Also extremely funny. There's times where there's laugh-out-loud moments in this in this conversation even in the midst of the darkest Parts, which I think shows you about the real world. Some of that is the caller being very charming and strong person. Some of it is deflection.
We talked about all of it, but that's real life. Right right when you're in the trenches dealing with the hardest. This is also when you got to find those those laughs to serve as the sun rays that break through the clouds and most of all, I hope you get something out of this conversation and to the person who called. I hope that you're you're enjoying your life and figuring it out and roller derby continues to serve you. Well as you head towards a life that you really deserve.
Thank you for calling beautiful Anonymous a beeping noise will indicate when you are on the show with the host.
Hello. Hi Hi. How are you? I'm good, sir. You may have heard me chewing a little bit. I was finishing a snack. It was an ill-timed. That's ok. Ill timed Choice. Yeah. Hi Max were very important. So I completely understand. Yeah trying to get my blood sugar up so I can bring the heat for you. Well good. I hope your I hope you're ready.
Just kidding that totally just like oversold me. I think to give because that exciting. It sounded like a threat. I hope you're right.
Yeah. Well, I can be a little intimidating. Sometimes I've picked up on that already. I've picked up on that.
I'm just kidding. I'm totally not intimidating at all. People just think I am and it's like a really weird thing that like my whole life. I've always thought I was really scary, but I'm not so no wait, hold on. That's kind of a there's like a weird. Logically there if I'm not intimidating at all people just think I am if people think it then isn't that that then you're intimidating intimidation is one of those ones you don't get to really choose if you're intimidating or not. It's like I was just talking to my only friend about this yesterday that people like in high school and stuff would always be like, oh this is my friends. Like if you want to fight me like I'm friends with this person. So, you know, you better be careful, but I have never been in a fight at my whole entire life and it's just like so we are because people would like stand out and I'm like, I don't I'm not going to fight for you. Like I'm not even fighting for myself. So you're saying you were held up as kind of like the Boogie the boogeyman to get people to back off.
Yeah. I was what was it really strange? What was it that made you so intimidating it's something about what were you like one of the goth kids? No, no. No. I mean I was a little like hemo, you know and that time. Area that would like my high school time period when email was like big so I mean I was like a little bit like I guess I chose to wear black more than any other color. So email kids are intimidating.
Nobody's likes nobody's scared of a Taking Back Sunday fan. No, I was never at Taking Back Sunday fan though. I'm sorry Tony, but it was out of them either. I've never really heard of my just thought that was a funny reference. That's that's like a go to emo band reference, right? Yeah. I think it is. I think it is. I was more like a choir kit.
So you were in the corps intimidating? Yeah, very intimidating. Yeah. All right. All right, it's funny though. Because now I think I would be more intimidating because I play Roller Derby so I would say that if anything I should be more intimidating now, but now nobody is afraid of me and I just get beat up on the track. Every couple weeks roller derby is really intense.
I have a friend who does it and she's covered in bruises all For years now we prefer Derby kisses. But yeah, yeah, it's very intense, but I loved it. I loved every minute of it amazing. It's like the best thing I've ever done in my life. Yeah. People are obsessed with my friend. Am I really I have to say my friend Emma who I have so much love and admiration for and we've lost touch a little bit and you've reminded me I got to reach out to my pal and see how she's doing because I have a lot of love for you should Please roller derby you should support her roller derby because that's important because it doesn't get as much support as it should she's always posting pictures of it and I've never talked with are explicitly about it. But I got the sense that she really liked. It really enriched her life in a yeah, very true and honest way.
I definitely think that that's true because I like I it's kind of funny that this show is like Anonymous, you know, because I don't have anybody to be anonymous from so I don't think like I don't I think I could probably tell you my whole name and my sister home town and everything about me and not one person. Listening would be like, oh, yeah, I know her because I don't talk to people very much mention. I only have like friend you mentioned. Yeah, it's true. It's sad but it's true. But I mean roller derby is really like just joining that Community. It really is just like a family.
Well, I was going to sit have introduced me to a lot of people that I'd probably never would have met in my life roller derby. He's a team sport and an a very very United Community and yet you re still regard all these people you say family, but they're not your friends. Well, it's weird right because we like beat each other up every weekend and we like knock each other over but it is I mean, it's probably the closest knit group of people. I've met in my adult life.
So it's it's like yeah, we we definitely leave it all on the track and then we get off the track. We are like just a just a big family. Yeah, that's cool. That's cool. Yeah, it's pretty awesome. I like it a lot. Yeah. All right pressed bite.
Yeah, it's a it's an intense and we've been like different rule sets. You know, I know probably going to poor people just talking about roller derby, but not very many people know I'm always kind of the technological things about it because nobody understands it like my family when they first started coming they're like we have No clue what's going on, but this is so cool. And I'm like, yeah, that's pretty much. I mean, I feel the same way and I'm out there skating. So yeah, but it is a awesome. It's it is hard to understand and there's like different rule sets which are really confusing people and then there's like flat track which is what I play and then there's the banked track which is like the really intense like Track at an angle that I've pretty confident I would die if I ever got on one so you can really get some speed going that right.
Yeah now that's so so the one sorry no. No you go ahead you go ahead just the so the one that I play is like Fast Derby. Oh, so they call it. So you're like constantly moving the whole time like knocking each other while they're like speeding by and then there's other ones where you like can stop on the track and stuff like that. So, yeah, it's pretty intense.
Tell you in a very unlikely.
Character trait my grandmother was obsessed with roller derby when I was young that's amazing. You still watch it on Channel Nine WPIX loved it and I grew up watching it and my brother and I who always loved kind of Niche Niche outlier stuff. We always watched roller derby Rock and roller games when he came on my impression from what I remember of the very I don't know the intricacies of the rules you mention there's different rule sets.
From what I remember the very XR you got some people who are trying to get ahead of the pack to score points. That's the Jammer and the Jammers got the Jammer trying to score points. That's one of the star on their helmet and those are the people who tend to be like the speed demons. These are the people who can summon real speed and they tend to maybe be maybe have more of like a build that you would think of from like a like a like a speed skater in the Olympics like really lean. Yes misters.
And then you have planets not me. Well, I was going to say then you have the other people whose job is to really try to stop them from getting ahead by putting them on their ass and those people tend to be a little more built and your job is you kind of intentionally go a little slower to jam up the works and you can throw an elbow to put somebody on their ass.
Well, I kept on Elbow because there are rules but come on you can sneak one in people are always trying to sneak one in right? Yeah. They are. It's true. I've gotten I've definitely gotten some weird bones and we are places so but those are the blockers and that's what I do. I'm a blocker because I I've only been playing for a little almost two years and I don't have the speed yet. I would like to have the speed at some point in my Derby career, but I'm not there yet.
So yeah, it's my job to stop people from getting through and knock them on their ass that must feel so good. It really does. It's amazing. That's just lay someone out flat. It's a it's definitely stress relieving and I do have a lot of stress in my life so to get Shout out to get out there and you know knocks and people over it feels good. Even sometimes getting knocked over yourself. Like it just like real lines you, you know, make sure remember that there's things in the world that hurt and but in a basic way in a way that I like because I have some similar hobbies in my life where I get my ass handed to me there. So yeah, there's something very valuable.
Sometimes you're out there. Sometimes you find yourself. And are you on roller skates or roller blades these days rollerskate squats every once in a while, you find yourself going down a rabbit hole in life. You wind up with a helmet and some pads on a pair of roller skates getting slammed into a track, but in those moments where there's pain and there's fear.
I do find that in a very beautiful way. Your mind is all of a sudden you're not worried about politics. You're not worried about Job pressure. You're not worried about family drama. You just worried about getting back up and there's something really Zen and simple and beautiful about that. Yeah, that's that's 100% true. That's you think you nailed. It.
Can't sit here and worry about the world and all the theoretical things. When you got when you got some blocker when you got some Blocker on the other team has made you the target who's made you the Target and you know, you know that right and right now it's like it's and you know, the rest of your afternoon is about to be like nature like when you see nature footage of two elk fighting locking their horns out in the atmos, Savannah and the planes and you know, this is a battle that I'm going to wage for the next however long roller derby last.
Yeah. Yeah, I mean there's so much in the world could not want to think about right now, so it's a There was only a good place to be it's like a sanctuary. It's like my favorite place. I think probably right now in my life. No, I don't know where you're located. I don't need to if you don't want to share it but I I'm aware that at least in New York roller derby is also surprisingly big scene and my understanding and I might be wrong about this is that there's a number of Marquee teams, and then people are constantly trying out to get on those and there's even sort of some Leagues where you can go and cut your teeth.
Yeah. So I believe that I play on is the little bit smaller. We're trying to build but yeah in New York, they have the Gotham the Gotham girls roller derby and they're like huge like I follow them and like I've like religiously watch all of their videos they post and I know that they are very popular in like, I know a lot of people that's probably pretty hard to get on one of those teams. But yeah, I'm out in the west. So if Yeah, I mean there's there are different leagues and like I said the different rule sets. So some of the rules that's have bigger following than others, but the our league is like celebrating their 10 years this year. So that's exciting. So we're hopefully we got some big plans coming up and a lot of fun stuff and to build our fan base and all sorts of stuff.
So I'm excited about it. That's cool. That's really cool. Yeah, and nobody else has come on the show and talk about roller derby before so I mean, I know it's probably not a very big group and I was like Hey, I was hoping I could be the first one. You know, I'm as shocked as you are. Look we're about a hundred a hundred 70 episodes and I'm sitting here thinking after episode 4 or 5. I'm sitting hearing on probably the next calls going to be about Rupp roller derby and for a humming. I can't believe it went this far 160 episodes. I'm sitting here going when the hell are we going to get around? To a combination of a wholesome roller skating rink and outright violence when or how are we at tackling this issue yet?
I can't believe it took that long. They really can't now listen. It's really up to you. We could talk about roller derby all day. Lord knows it's and it's true we can I do want to ask so you've mentioned a couple times you say you only have one friend. You've got some stress in your life. I am gonna have a lot of confidence.
You have a lot of confidence. Yeah, I'm very confident in my life. But you also oh wait are you now? This is kind of how I was gonna say that no. Yeah. I'm the same way, but I noticed these are contradictory things what's going on what's going on with you?
You know, I just Why is this hard sometimes and right now? I'm in one of those moments of my life where things just kind of suck.
I'm relatively young. I'm under 30, you know, but I have like I think I started my life very quickly. Like I have three kids from the ages 10 to 6. So they're not like babies. They're they're older, you know, and you're under 30. I'm under 30. Yeah ten-year-old. Does that mean you had your first child when you were under 20?
Yeah, I was 18 18. Wow, you really? Yeah, so you can yeah, you came out of the gate swinging. Yeah. Yeah, I really do and they're great. I love my kids there. I've got three girls. So they're wild and crazy and then about three more years than probably get a really hate my life because they'll all be like preteen and miserable and I remember what I was like, When I was 13, and I am not ready to get that pay back, but I don't know what else.
August is usually pretty hard month for me. If we want to go from Happy roller derby to sadness because September is I would have four kids but my second daughter another daughter because we don't make boys.
She was a still born at 34 weeks. So I mean, I know you just had your baby. Yeah, so, you know how far along 34 weeks of so, yeah.
Yeah, it was probably the hardest thing that I've ever gone through in my life. And I think it was probably like the most pivotal moment in my life. Like I think I can pretty much can point that too. When a lot of things fell apart probably like before that I probably had more friends and I think I was a lot more outgoing and happy and not to say that I've not happy now. It's just it's changed it changed me a lot.
Yeah, I can't cuz when your thoughts yeah, I can't imagine. Yeah, I know that pretty close member of my family. Had a had a stillborn child as well. And it was just indescribably sad just a specific type of sadness that it's very unique that type of sadness. It's a pretty awful because it's like you're so far along like babies can be viable after 25 weeks, you know, so when you're 34 weeks like you could have like a happy healthy baby and just when you're that far along and The baby passes away. It's like you still have to go through all of the steps of burying a child. So like we had to have our cremated and we had like a memorial service and so it's like it's very it's very strange. I don't know if strange is the right word. But like it's surreal to have to go through all that for you know, baby that never never took a breath.
Yeah, and I would imagine to 34 weeks also means once you've set up a lot of the equipment people have been giving you gifts. And now without those post baby shower.
Yep. I'm so sorry.
Yeah. It sucked. It's it's also one of the Great Yeah, I want to I want to be very careful with how I phrase this and how I dread I will say fertility issues and issues surrounding situations like yours.
It's something.
It's something that happens to so many people.
Yeah, and it's one of the things that has a great taboo surrounding it. So it's something that we don't talk about and yeah, definitely not it means that when a situation like this happens you really get thrown into it as an individual which is which is such a shame because it's that it's the taboo that creates that because there's not really there's so much support out there, but people are so quiet about things like this that it makes it very hard to find it.
Yeah, and it's really weird the way that people react obviously because I mean nobody wants to be like I was going to be very crass but nobody wants to wait as like hey, how are you doing after your baby died, you know, so people don't want to talk about it, but it's actually very therapeutic to talk about it. So like even now this was she'll be The sort of been her ninth birthday in September.
So I mean it's been it's been years and but it's still freaking hard every single year, but whenever people like or whatever I mentioned that people are like, oh, okay, and I'm like guys it's okay we can talk about it. Like I've been dealing with this for nine years like it's better to talk about it because I mean, I feel like it sort of keeps her memory alive a little bit even though she never truly existed but like people are always like oh, okay. Well, thanks for bringing up the sadness and Michael that means part of my life. It's like I would talk about my other three kids anytime. You guys asked me about them like just because she's not or never was truly living, you know, will she was living inside of me, but on the outside, you know, it's not.
People get weird about it. Right right because it's it's one of the it's one of the things in the world that that everyone everyone fundamentally knows there's a chance it could happen to anyone. Yeah, nothing. You can really do to avoid it. It's just a rope. It's just a really sad tragic thing that sometimes happens.
And those are the exact types of situations that people don't want to face. Yeah, and it makes you feel isolated and it makes you feel like you're on an island. Yeah for sure because then I don't I mean I don't really know anybody else. Like I know people that have had like miscarriages and That sort of thing but I've never liked met anybody that had to go through the exact same thing as me a couple of years later one of my childhood best friends. She lost a baby too, but it was just something different. So he was like born and he had a couple they had like a couple hours with him. It was a like a birth defect type of thing.
Yeah. So so that was really rough too. But I mean it was nice for us to kind of like she's a lives in a different state now, but try it felt like I felt like maybe I knew what to say more than a other people because especially when you're a young people say the most terrible freaking thing people say the most terrible things like it goes like sometimes I would rather them not say anything to me then tell me like you're still young you can have more or you know it so maybe it just wasn't meant to be like, okay, we'll choose a baby. So probably not the best thing to say. All right, because I already had my older daughter people like well at least you already have one daughter like, okay, that doesn't make the fact that this baby. I didn't my stomach any less hurtful or any better right people are terrible.
Yeah, people weird mix between wanting to talk about it and not wanting to talk about it because people say it was terrible things, right someone going like it just wasn't meant to be and you're like, this is not like I applied for a job that I didn't care.
Let's go ahead and pause right there. Look everybody. Sometimes we get in these intense conversations and it's a it's always a little it's always a little strange to pause and go advertisements. But at the end of the day the reason the show exists, the reason I get to have these amazing conversations is because advertisers support the show so very tough topic that were in the middle of when we discussed that and much more when we get back in the meantime check out these ads use the promo codes support the show.
We all know making small changes can be really positive can have a healthy effect on your lifestyle the right towel turns a bathroom into a spa you can make all these upgrades with Brooklyn and you know Brooklyn and as the internet's favorite sheets, but they're also home to betting loungewear towels and more with over 50,000 plus five star reviews and Counting now, they have everything for Life Essentials shower curtains bathmats robes totes final Details that help you make a big upgrade just this very morning. I stepped out of the shower and I stepped onto a Brooklyn and bath mat and it felt good under my feet to the degree that I noticed. I hadn't realized it was the Brooklyn and one that was out. And before I even look down I said, that's Brooklyn and right there then I grabbed myself a good Old Brooklyn and towel and I dried myself off and I felt great about it is it's thick it's fluffy. It works. I love it love my Brooklyn and stuff high quality stuff. You can hear my voice this Real Brooklyn. Com. It's the perfect place to start making small changes that make big differences Brooklyn. And so confident in their product that all their sheets comforter is loungewear and towels come with a lifetime warranty.
So go on make yourself comfortable get 10% off your first order and free shipping when you use the promo code stories only at Brooklyn and. Com. That's be Roo kli any n. Com promo code stories and how New Yorkers if you're listening you can get the internet's favorite sheets in real life. Visit Brooklyn's first store in Brooklyn at 127 Ken Evan Williamsburg, Brooklyn and Everything you need to live your most comfortable life.
I go on the road a lot for work. It's a fact my life. I love it. I feel lucky I get to do it. But sometimes you're out on the road you run into situations where you feel yourself coming down with something out of nowhere you feel overwhelmed. You're out of your element. You're in a place. You don't know well guess what tell the doc gives you 24/7 access to board certified doctors anytime anywhere for non emergency conditions, like a sinus infection allergies flu rashes and more their board certified doctors can diagnose treat and prescribed. Ian when medically necessary to be delivered to the pharmacy of your choice tell the doc is available through most insurance or employers at $45 or less a visit no appointment. No waiting rooms. No germy urgent cares. No expensive trips to the ER one of tell the docs testimonial States.
I'm an RN and I have little time for personal issues. Let alone being sick while caring for the ill this service called me after setting up an account and requesting an MD visit in minutes. This service is actually amazing. I only wish I would have utilized it sooner. Tell Doc is here to get you back to feeling your best no matter when or where you are download the app today or visit Tela doc. Com stories to register right now. So you're ready when you need a doctor's care or schedule a doctor's visit today.
Don't forget to download that app or visit. Tella Doc TL, ay dios e. Com / stories.
Thanks again to all of our advertisers and now let's get back into the conversation.
It just wasn't meant to be and you're like this is not like I applied for a job that I didn't care. Yeah, seriously talking about a life that you were starting to invest in vision of a lifetime with this Persia. Yep. Horrible I can see and that's true trauma. That's true trauma. It makes sense to me that nine years later. You still.
I feel it every time around the year that that it went down. Yeah, this is this is sort of weird because when I got pregnant with her me and my boyfriend now husband, we'd only been together for like a very short amount of time and it's kind of weird to say this nine year later nine years later, but we never really had like like at that time. We definitely were not in a place where we should have had a baby, especially Because I already had a one-year-old that was not it's not his she has my oldest daughter has a different dad. But he's like was out of the picture when I met my husband. So my husband like stepped in very early for my oldest daughter and has always pretty much been her dad.
But we were kind of going through like a rough time when I found out I was pregnant. So it was a lot of like back and forth and then, you know after the baby passed away then it was kind of like still Little tumultuous and it's kind of strange that it kind of foreshadowed the rest of my existence with him, but we're still married.
We got married five years ago. They wouldn't say it's a great marriage, but, you know getting by and currently dealing with the Something that I'd again, I don't know anybody that's gone through it. So yeah, I'm being very vague. I'm sorry. Yeah, I'll leave that up to you. If you want to stay vague if you want to get into it. I'm not gonna I'm not twist. I'm not twisting anybody's arm.
It's up to you. Whatever you want to say. Yeah, I guess we could talk about it. It's just like We talked about like things that you know, you know and like a lot of people in my life like my mom and my only friend they like don't well, my my best friend is felt like my husband. She's never liked him because he's kind he's one of those like assholes, you know, where he just says what he says all the time and he's very Unapologetic and some people can agree with that and other people don't want anything to do with it.
It but he's also very selfish. So recently. Well, I guess we could go back a little bit more. We we have like a weird relationship to say the least like we've been married for five years, but like we'd never tell each other that we love each other which is kind of strange. So it's more like having like a roommate that is also a Partner that is also the father of my children.
So it's I don't know. It's very weird. It's very weird and I've always known that he like has something bigger going on in his life. Like he would always leave in the middle of the night and I never knew where he was or but then I also like him very stubborn myself. So I never asked him about it and then recently about two months ago.
We were out just kind of driving around because we were we're getting dinner and then he like had to pull over and he like told me that he had been arrested and the worst part is that when he told me why he was arrested. I wasn't shocked by it and my husband got arrested for solicitation of a prostitute.
So it was It was very very strange and everything in me knew that it was time for this to be over but it's still isn't over. So it's a very weird place that I'm at in my life where I know that. That my life is not good and I could do things to make it better, but I just can't take that step to make it better.
So you when you say you can't take that step you mean it sounds so just to sort out your saying when you said like, you know, it's over but it's not over does this mean you're in the process of making it over or you haven't haven't crossed that line yet. Yeah, I think we're in like a weird limbo like we haven't crossed that line yet like every couple days like well like, you know and where I just kind of get irritated or if he does something to like just like for mine to me of why It should be over then. We'll like get into an argument and he's like walking White Horse and we should get a divorce and I'll be like fine and then like nothing else happens and then like a couple of their kind of like Petty fights is what it reminds me of but it's obviously more than Petty because I'm a serious. Yeah.
Can I just before we go further? I just want to make sure In this situation, I don't remember running into before during our conversations on the show. I want to make sure and I don't want to put you in your head. I just want to make sure on my end that you know should your husband here this that it's not gonna create more headaches for you know, and I don't think that he ever will hear it. He doesn't listen to the podcast and like I said, nobody knows I don't think anybody would listen to this big know. Yeah. I know her I just want to make sure you feel comfortable and safe.
Yeah, and he I mean, he's like told his closest friends about it. So they know because I mean he like had to get the lawyer and he needs it like letters of recommendation. And yes, just yesterday. He found out that there are Sleep dismissing the case, which is good because he has a job where criminal charges could be really bad for him.
But so everything is going to be dismissed after you know, three thousand dollars. So we had to pay out make everything go away pretty much.
But yeah, I don't think anybody I mean I really don't think anybody listening with be able to tell who I am because I have not told anybody this story except for my mom and my best friend are the only two people that know so on my side. Wow, what is probably not good? I should probably talk to somebody about this like professionally. But yeah, I'm getting there definitely.
Definitely it also makes a lot more sense that you participate in a hobby where you get to fuck people up physically. Sorry Sally. Oh my God, it's just so yeah, it's it's definitely definitely helpful. That's true. Certainly have some a lot better some emotions that I'm sure you need to express. I guess. I'll just ask some of the Some of the questions and if they're if they're hard questions tell me that you're not ready to talk about it. Okay?
Sure, so.
The big reason the obvious one Is for the sake of the kids? Yeah outside of it outside of that.
What are the reasons to stay with him? If you're if you're if you have one friend who's always been concerned about them? If you yourself say he's an asshole and how he puts out his opinions.
Outside of the kids. What are the what's making you hang on to this one C and that is where it's hard for me because other people have asked me this question and I don't I don't have an answer for it. So which is which is why I know that I shouldn't be here anymore because of anything. It's just the familiarity like we've been together for so long. We've been through, you know, the birth of children the loss of a kid.
It's just like it's just It's just what I know, you know, I think that's the scariest part because I don't like change. So to drastically change my life like that is scary to me, but I think it is inevitable.
Do you feel like because your life at the age of 18 started involving kids and the responsibility of kids. Do you feel like figuring out how to do that on your own?
After you've never had to use that super daunting I would imagine it would be yeah, I think it is and I think I mean my kids are still young but I think that they're kind of old enough now were they You know, they kind of assume a lot of their own responsibilities. So it's not like I don't think it would be like as hard as me because I had like a baby or you know, something like that but it's it is it is a little daunting.
Yeah, very hard for me right now because you're in the middle of this situation. Yeah. Yeah, it's hard to offer opinions because I certainly am not there and we've only known each other about half an hour. Yeah, I would say one of the feels like we've known each other forever Chris. I'll take it. I do feel like we clicked pretty quickly.
I do think that but I've also listen to a hundred and thirty-some hours of your voice. So that could be why I like that roller derby was your priority by the way, I like that you were like, I better make sure we hit roller derby on the record. And then if I happen to also bring up the insane tumultuous nature of my current situation will get to that but first of all, let me talk about what a Jammer is you gotta open the doors, you know, you got to step in with a friendly conversation. Listen, you're trying to step up on behalf of the world and make sure we all know about the rules of different subsets of roller derby. Abhi, and I appreciate that very important to me. You know, everyone should support their local roller derby just look it up.
So watch out. It'll change your life. I know if you've ever wanted to sign up for it just do it like who cares they teach you everything. You need to know my first day I could even skate and now I'm freaking knocking people over. I love that. Okay. Listen.
I do have to ask more questions about the real stuff going on though. If we dive back into her old poop better be people are going to hate me forever.
Let me ask you let me ask you and again again all questions. Last thing I'm trying to do is guide you but I am very concerned. I'm very concerned just human to human. So what you're telling me about obviously anybody would be let me ask you outside outside of you know, kids having stability kids having both parents in their lives.
Do you feel have you had discussions with your husband about his behavior and about if he has the ability to stop it because you say that this has been going on for years which makes me think that this is some sort of a yeah addictive personality, which is a very hard thing to break without help and I worry about you and I worry about your kids if this is behavior, that's not going to stop because that's not healthy and it's not safe and it might put you in danger in a number of ways.
Yeah. Yeah, we've definitely I mean when we first first talked about when he first told me everything he did he has started going to counseling and he started going to like sort of group sessions. But when he kind of dropped the bomb on me, it was like and I was like the can opened, you know, and everything just came spilling out. So like on top of I mean, I guess we could just call a sex addiction because things like what it is because it's not like it was the worst thing is like it's not like it was lacking at this at home to be, you know, probably give you too much information, but just that he still felt like He did to go out and find it elsewhere. But then it also opened like you would tell me like, okay. Well some of the nights I was gone. I was also you know spending all of our money at a casino. So he also opened up kind of about how he felt like he was like spiraling into a gambling addiction. And yeah, so he has he has started getting help but the thing that I always come back to is that I don't think that he would be getting help if he didn't have to like he got caught right and that's why he's trying to change and had he not gotten caught.
What would we would we still be in the same cycle right now, you know, right and it's only been two months. You know, I think two months is an okay time to be on the right track before a relapse, you know, so I don't I mean I don't really know what the future holds are, you know, what could happen next month or what could happen next week or when he could go backwards right?
And I would have to imagine to like You said it's a very good thing for his job situation and therefore for your family that he was able to find his way out of it. But there there must be some concern then to of like well then in your guts you feel like you got away with it. And is that going to increase the likelihood that you might try to get away with it again?
Yeah, it definitely feels like he got away with it because a lot of enemies A lot of the times he's like he always tries to deflect. I don't think he really takes responsibility for his actions. So like I don't want to say you know white male prefer, but he kind of embodies it sometimes which I've told I tell him that all the time because it's like if he, you know, if he was somebody else he might not have gotten away with it or you know, if he wasn't who he is because he's not, you know, we're not like wealthy we didn't really like, you know, we're not upper class or anything but But it could have been different if he was not him and I do think that he'd because of that he could kind of felt like well I shouldn't get in trouble for this because I mean look at everything that I can lose but it's like okay, but you have to like you did this like you went out and you did this you made these decisions so you should have to take responsibility for your actions.
But that's also a hard thing to say because I feel like maybe I'm not even holding him or holding him accountable for his actions. Right, right. When you say you only have one friend, we're laughing about it, but I'm becoming increasingly concerned what led to that was it was it the trauma of of what happened nine years ago.
Do you feel like your husband's behavior and standoffish - has driven people out of your life. Are you just not a social person? I think it's I think I'm definitely not a social person because my friend my one friend we've been friends since the fifth grade.
So she's like really more like family than like a friend. But I mean, I've never really been a person that had like a lot of friends even like when I was younger and then you know, I've had like a couple like different best friends quote-unquote throughout my life my other like really really close friend kind of betrayed me.
So I mean once heard I stopped And Friends of just kinda like I think that she was probably like a connection to a lot of other people that I would talk to in my life because I from being friends with her. I you know became friends with other people or yeah, I used to work in the restaurant. So like I had like work friends, but I've never really had like people that I would just like call up and hang out. Like I've never been like a really social person and I don't want to I don't want to pry too much your friend who you be Trade you just kind of hot. That was harsh. I'm sorry. No, it's okay. I'm wondering just just following my gut instincts.
Did she betray you in any way involving her husband your husband not my husband. So that's it was just me and my little really fun life Christmas my best friend that I had like throughout most of high school. We were really really close and because my my like actual friend that I have now since we were friends since fifth grade, you know, we've had a lot Of ups and downs in our in our life and we have gone like, you know, a couple months like not speaking to each other especially when we were in high school or you know, when she found a different group of friends and I found a different group of friends and then we look like, you know argue about it or we were you know, Cady teenagers. That's what teenagers do I think so I became really close to somebody else it she was like my absolute go to person but then we just I mean, I guess we did kind of to start growing apart when I met my husband a long time ago, but then there was everything in my life was ruined by men.
There was another guy who is kind of like my first love type of like crush on him all throughout middle school and high school and we were like always together, but it never worked out and then because I pick really great people he went to prison couple of years. Then when he got out I had met my husband and then when he got out of prison, he started dating my other best friend. So we just stop talking after that.
No, I'm just going to say something blunt. I am I am and you do you laugh through your pain, but you also laugh sometimes too because I do this to you were saying you said earlier in the car. I laugh to deal with the pain, but you also kind of left to deflect it. I've picked up on it's fine. Yeah, not judging it.
Yeah, but I do just want to say something. So there's so many red flags and clearly part of why you're sticking with your husband. It's because you really have been dealt a hand where you don't have much of a support system in life. It's one thing for someone to say. Oh you got to get out of there and you'll find your community to help you get through it, but you don't really have that community.
So it's yeah scarier. It feels like a much more like jumping off a cliff all that being scared. All that being said, my guess is that anyone listening who in some ways are a community like Faceless Community but of people who are supportive human beings who listen to this show. My guess is that almost everyone hearing this would go respectfully even with all that being true and all of that being terrifying and all of that being unfair in many ways. Some of the hands you've been doubt even still grab your kids and get the fuck away from the sky. I bet that's what yeah, most people are thinking and again, it's your decision and I'm not as an untrained human being who has a podcast that is ultimately entertainment. I'm not trying to but in my guess that's that I understand that my guess is that most people's Instinct upon hearing this story would be Get out of there and figure it out once you do.
And let's pause right there listeners. I think everybody but listening the large majority just went yes. Yes, that is what I think take care of yourself protect yourself going to pause there anything. Hey, if you're if you're in the Facebook Community, this is one where this college going to need to see your positivity and support keep that in mind be right back.
If you're getting eight hours a night, which you should that means a third of your life is spent in sheets. So you need these bad boys to be comfortable home of the internet's favorite sheets. Brooklyn's got over 50,000 plus five star reviews and Counting and they have moved beyond the bedroom. They now offer Essentials for your bathroom.
Ultra-soft loungewear makes you feel like you never left bed because I've heard me for years. I have been sleeping on Brooklyn and sheets. I really love him. Also, I just got myself some Brooklyn and towels and these things are they're the best towels I've ever actually had in my house. You can hear it in my voice. I'm giggling because I'm about to say a sentence that is both true and ridiculous. I am obsessed with my Brooklyn in towel.
I get sad when it goes in the laundry and I can't use it for a while if you like softness like Comfort Essentials to help you. Relax Brooklyn and has it all Brooklyn in. Com is the perfect place to hit refresh in the New Year gone make yourself comfortable. Brooklyn is So confident in their product that all their sheets comforters loungewear and towels come with a lifetime warranty you get 10% off your first order and free shipping on the all-new sheet when you use promo code stories only at Brooklyn and. Com. That's be Roo kli any and. Com and hey New Yorkers, if you're listening you can get the internet's favorite sheets and More in real life you visit Brooklyn's first store in Brooklyn. It's at 127. Can Evan Williamsburg Brooklyn and everything. You need to live your most comfortable. Life Thanks again to everybody who helps bring beautiful Anonymous to the world. Now. Let's finish this conversation.
My guess is that most people's Instinct upon hearing. This story would be get out of there and figure it out once you do, I know I know that's what I need to do. And that's that's the thing. That's the worst part is that I know, you know.
Yes, it just really sucks. It really sucks to have to I don't want to say pull the trigger because it's very sensitive times but to do you know just make it happen it will take this up and get out of there because where are you gonna go who are going to talk to about it? You don't you don't have so much of that infrastructure in your life and it makes it so daunting but I will also say yeah and not to become like a bullshit motivational speaker, but just thinking truth.
I mean you have your you have your daughters.
Ton of responsibility, but you also have a lot of years ahead of you. You're still in your 20s. Yeah. Yeah, so even though it's a daunting uphill climb. Just mathematically you do have time to figure it out and my guess. Is that the more time you burn?
The more you're gonna Increase the amount of pressure in your life is I would guess. Yeah, and I think it's no longer that I no longer I take to make the move the harder it's going to be that's for sure because it's I mean it kind of sucks because it's almost like just like pretending like nothing happened, but I can't I can't do that anymore. You know, it's just we come home we play house. We you know do everything that we normally do and It's like nothing but I just feel like shit all the time and that's not that's not a good feeling. I mean that's the thing is that's that's where it's tough for me because it's like I would never presume like there's a big part of me and just my value system that goes what if you have a marriage and it's fixable you fight for it you fight hard for it. But yeah, you're describing a situation where you just said you feel like shit all the time. And one of the first things you said, is that your husband. And you don't ever say that you love each other this doesn't it feels it feels at the minimum sort of emotionally dangerous.
Yeah, and Having been someone I'm in my life in my life. I have a pretty massive support system and I have found a strong community and I still am someone who historically has struggled massively with self-esteem issues self-doubt. Yeah confidence and I have pretty massive community. So I understand the feeling that you're feeling. I can't imagine doing it on my own.
That being said You deserve better. You just deserve better and you can I know that I do.
I know I know that sucks sucks living this life, you know, and I know that I have everything I need to make it better. Just haven't done it. I mean, I don't like financially depend on him. I don't you don't yeah for all for all to put it plainly I guess I don't I don't need him for anything. That's good. I have to say I made a little bit of an assumption that was three. Well, when you mention that he when you say, oh it's really good that his job is going to be retained and mention having three kids. I think I fell into my head assuming that that may be maybe he was the quote unquote Breadwinner. And that's a very misogynistic thought on my end. So you have the financial Freedom. That's good. That's good to hear. No, I he I mean recently he started making more money, but I've always been like the breadwinner and the house just because I kind of advanced through my career very quickly. I've worked for the same company pretty much my whole life and I climbed the ladder.
So I you know, I manage a department and I'm I've make pretty good I can support myself. So you're telling me this guy never says he loves you the way he treats people drives them out of out of being able to connect with you. You have traditionally supported him financially more than he has you. And he's been sneaking out at night for years to gamble your money away.
And sleep around specifically in a situation that not only based on the health issues of what he might be bringing home to you also between gambling and prostitution the type of people he's associated with God forbid these people somehow wind up in your real life face-to-face. Yeah, it's true danger here. What is this guy giving you?
Sky giving you a headache I think a headache Bubble Boy you and I both laugh through the pain but I gotta say you nailed that. What is this guy giving you a headache but truthfully truthfully over over the years is have you felt joy in this relationship how you felt like you got something out of it or is it more?
I fell into this when I was young and it's something in my habit and for the sake of the girls, it should it should perpetuate. Yeah, I think that there are times we definitely have our moments that are better than others. You know, we're like I look at him and I'm just like this is it but I don't know if they outweigh the moments that I look at him and think what am I doing here?
How long has that been going on for probably longer than it should be. Since before you got married or after that after you locked it in, um, probably since after we were married Yeah, but then when I think back to it, I just kind of think sometimes that we probably should have never gotten married at all because I didn't I mean I didn't think that we were going to get married and then he kind of he wanted to join the military, but we already had three kids, you know, so he didn't want to join the military and then he thought like well if he's going to join the military and maybe we should be married and then I was like, I'm not marrying you just without you can join the military and then he proposed anyway, and then we got married.
And he never joined the military. So that's good. I guess I'm not going to spend you know, I guess he didn't do it just for that sole purpose, but Lisa. We've always kind of had a rocky relationship.
For ten years so good a good friend of my adult life.
This is a hard one. This is our yeah, but I'll tell you something.
Just based on the handful of things. You told me about your life.
I know a couple things about you, which is one.
You're really strong. Because if you can if you can have a stillborn child.
And then still find it in yourself to have two more children after that. Yeah that requires a sense of bravery and a sense of strength that I don't think I haven't me so you're really strong. And you do roller dirty, so that also means fuck cool.
Thanks to my kids. But listen you're strong and you're cool. And you're still young and you got a whole life ahead of you and I hope you've I hope you I hope whichever way you go this husband issue. I hope I hope in you know, you say for 10 years. You've had Rocky with this guy and I hope 10 years from now you look back and go. You know what?
That that second 10 years that second decade I went out and I embraced myself and I lived a life that I deserved. Yeah, I think it's definitely time for that stuff like time for me to live the life that I deserve and not with my life for anybody else cover my kids. Of course. I can't just like throw them away and my dog's I know that you're not a dog person but to hell with your dog's I'm not interested in hearing about your dog.
No, of course, but there's also some said fundamentally that I'm sure you feel as well and and as a very new father, I'm only four months in so as you know far better than I do, I would imagine that you've been through all sorts of emotions that I haven't yet that I look forward to feeling in regards to my kid, but there's also something to be said for you know living for your kids, of course, but one of the I feel like one of the best things you can do for your kids is show them what if show them what it is to carve out a life for yourself that you love show them what your priorities are show them the strength you have it's one of the best things you can do for them.
Yeah, and I definitely I need to because especially having three girls, you know, sometimes I just think like this is not me staying here and showing them that this is what's okay, and this is not This is not what I want for them. I don't want them to grow up and think like oh, well, this is how my dad was my mom's is this is the kind of man that I should find. Yeah, you know, that's that weighs on the back of my mind the front of my mind and you all the time you're part of roller derby, which I know enough about it to know that it is a a extraordinarily feminist Community as well.
Yes for sure. So you're yeah and I like to consider myself a feminist sometimes I think I might be a shitty feminist but I try my best, you know, it's really think I'm definitely more supportive of other people than I am for myself. Do you have a sense of what your daughters? Think about the pressure cooker that you're in do they have a sense that it is a pressure cooker. Are you protecting them from realizing that have they sort of figured it out.
I try to protect them but I think that kids are too perceptive. You know, I think that they even if you don't talk about the things that are going on, I think that they know they're they're just smart. They're too smart.
So they're sent. Yeah, I'm sensing. There's that they hear the warning bells in the back of their head. Yeah. Yeah, I think so which sucks and makes me feel like a crappy parent but no way Candace we could talk for a whole other hour about all the ways. I feel like a krabby pair. Listen. I don't know.
I know very little about you and I know that you're clearly not a crappy parent and thanks. I try. You're gonna try my best you're dealing with a lot. It drives me nuts, of course. Course they do my guy my guy can't even talk yet. He drives me nuts. Oh, he's so cute. Yeah stand to look at his face. He's so cute. Whatever pictures on Instagram.
My wife was my wife. You'll like this. My wife had like the stroller out by our car. We were parked on the street and she was loading him into the car and two teenaged girls walked by and one of them said, this is the baby I I've been telling you about because apparently she takes him to the park all the time and apparently local teens have said there's a really cute baby about he is he has a really cute baby. He did good.
Yeah, he's got dimples. He's good-looking guys. Sometimes people say looks like me and I honestly find myself flattered. I'm like, wow, you think so because he's pretty good looking and I don't know I got real big diva the giant forehead. I know if I look like him, maybe I'm doing better than I thought anyway, it's not about Me it's about you.
I agree with your wife though. You got to stop being so self-deprecating. Yeah, it's true. I mean Hey, listen, if the I have a feeling that if there's anybody in the history of this show who's was called in to have a conversation who gets the wearing the mask of laughing and self-deprecating. It's you and I think both know that feeling.
Yeah. Listen. Yeah, we're definitely on the same page you just I feel like one of the most important things you said in the course of the show. Oh, and I don't want to gloss over it is.
I'm not trying to be alarmist. I'm not trying to be Sensational aesthetic and I'm not trying to like freak you out. I just have to assume that if one of your daughter's winds up in a marriage like the one you're describing you're going to be very concerned for them. True or false. Yeah, I was busy. So I definitely would be if you'd be that concerned for them.
I would think that just on a basic level it's fair to say you should be as concerned for yourself.
I agree. It should be I need to be.
You deserve it I bet.
I bet.
I bet you know, it feels like you'd be walking out into this void or you don't know what's going to happen because this is all you've known for a decade and because everything started moving in your life when you were still a teenager. But to hear that you're someone who has had a career that has grown and that you're out there putting people on their ass. This tells me some things about your attitude deep inside when you get past all the jokes about having only one friend.
It tells me who you are. And my guess is that you will find a community and you will find. A much healthier love and that all those things that you're scared might not happen. Can happen and my guess is that they will happen much quicker than you think they're going to I sure hope so.
I hope so and I hope that the greatest love I can find as you know, the love within myself because I think that's probably the most important one. Yeah, and it sounds like I mean, you've been very open about the fact that that maybe is is something shaky. That's at the foundation of a lot of stuff.
But yeah, I'm sorry. You're cool. You're funny. You're funny. And you do roller derby, like right there have a good inch to you. You made me laugh a bunch of times. You made me laugh when we've already way deep into a story. That was horrified. You're funny person with a cool Hobby. Thanks a good number here in some funny because you're not even telling me that's the most important thing is you're probably not making jokes. You're probably thinking you probably everyday think jokes in your head that you don't say out loud.
That's so true. And I have so many good ones. You got to get up out there. You say them out loud. You're going to find these friends fast. Yeah, you got all these thoughts in your head that you're telling me and you're not saying them in real life. And if you started seeing him in real life, you would find the strength very quickly to head in the direction that you know, you need to head.
Yeah, I definitely keep everything bottled up inside just shoved in the back corner in my brain. So I told my friend the other day and then she is told me she won't touch me anymore because she got mad at me.
Listen, whatever you do. Don't push away the one friends. Okay, she is she's not going anywhere. She doesn't she's in it for life. We need this fish stuck with me. Hey, yeah, and we work together to so it's just like, you know, we've been best friends since fifth grade good work together. She can't get away from she can do whatever she wants. He's trapped. Could you have her trapped? That's good.
That's good. Yes. She has you have her trapped in the same way. Your husband has up until now had you too. Yes, good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. I'm so sorry that I made that joke. Hey, we had a terrible terrible with about 20 seconds left. You can tell I'm a I am rooting for you hard. I am wishing nothing but the best for you and I believe in your ability to find it yourself.
I've wanted to ask since the beginning of the call do your daughter's ever come and watch you do roller derby. Yes, and they love it. They love it so much. They want to put on skates and do it too. To and they will they will very soon and they love it because they know their mom is strong. That's why they love it. Yeah, I hope so you are you are I really have to ask you a quick question before we hang up though. Okay. I think anybody's ever asked it Jarrod had the mouse over the drop button.
He had it on him. What is my Hager? Oh God. You just opened a whole can of worms. You just don't put never listen. You open a whole can of worms.
Listen the entire the entire beautiful and diverse Community is about to get furious with me because you've opened a can of worms. Do you want the real answer? I wasn't really answer. I've never read one word of one Harry Potter.
Call her thank you so much for calling I really will think about you often and I will send you every ounce of positive energy that I have and I think I speak for everyone listening and we all say that we hope you wind up in the situation that you are happy with where you feel protected where you feel safe. When you feel love you love yourself and feel free.
It's all very important things that you deserve and the right on the edge of going there, and I'm Really, really really hope it works out. Thank you for sharing your story. I know that one is not easy, but out there. Thank you Jerry O'Connell in the booth. Thank you to Shell Shack for the music. I'm going on the road doing all sorts of stand updates live Beautiful Anonymous tapings Kris.
Ketz. Com is where you can find out about all this you like the show go to Apple podcast rate review subscribe.
It really helps show when your doom. Thank you so much for listening and we'll talk to you next time.
Next time I'm beautiful Anonymous our caller is dealing with a lot of pain physical and emotional but also has a lot of Hope but maybe something happened to my brain and it just started working slightly differently. I'm firing off pain signals, but weren't there and it like hazel for your entire life. And that's just your brain like not doing what it's supposed to be doing. It's not injured. It's just doing something different and you just kind of realize how Honorable you are is a pile of looking boot. Like it's just weird. It's just a a pile of walking. Goop.
Yeah. Well, that's what pretty much our with some phones in there. No, those are the moments that I love the most in life and that I've learned about your the show talking about pain and brain and the body and the symptoms and then you say pile of walking group. And I can't help but laugh.
That's next time on beautiful anonymous.
Have you ever needed a doctor late at night or when you're traveling tell the doc gives you 24/7 access to board certified doctors anytime anywhere for non emergency conditions. They are board certified doctors can diagnose treat and prescribe medication when medically necessary tell the doc is available through most insurance or employers at $45 or less of visit download the app today or visit. Tella doc. Com stories to register today. That's T Ela DLC. Com.
calm / stories
This young Scottish caller has a checklist of things to discuss, including the question: Are Scottish people comfortable with depressing comedy because it rains a lot or are they just born a bit sad? This episode is brought to you by Magoosh (www.magoosh.com code: BEAUTIFUL), Bombas (www.bombas.com/STORIES), Brooklinen (www.brooklinen.com code: STORIES), and ZipRecruiter (www.ziprecruiter.com/beautiful).
Hello to all my piles of walking group Anonymous one hour one phone call. No names No Holds Barred.
I'd rather no one on one.
Hello everybody Chris gethard. Welcome to another episode beautiful and honest a show where people tell us what it's like to live their lives in the course of explaining who they are at their core or what they're going through and moments of real unique life circumstance like all the great stories in this world people who are just living waking up eating breakfast and also figuring out who they are and what their Experience means man.
I'm very glad I get to do this show. I say it almost all the time, but it's really true. Hey, if you're listening and you are in Buffalo or Detroit, I'm coming this weekend Buffalo. Our first stand-up show is sold out. So we hope in the second show. It's at 9:30 in the morning. And if you come you get pancakes that is true. There's a handful of tickets left for the pancake show and then I drive over to Detroit later that night and I'm doing stand-up at the Motor City Comedy Festival and a live taping of beautiful honest at the festival myself in the great Jerry O'Connell be there.
Maybe you'll be there too. We'd love to meet you last week's call was of course our caller who does a lot of roller derby and it's also sorting out some very intense life circumstances regarding the relationship the infidelity within it being a parent in the face of that. It was a it was a call that really tore my guts out. So happy to see that the beautiful anonymous Facebook community.
So If this comment stood out to me. Dear beautiful Anonymous blocker while you're certainly strong on the track. It sounds to me like you're immensely stronger off the track mother of four grieving one doing what needs to be done day in and day out for your family for your life blocking for your kids.
You inspired me this morning not because of the roles you play for others, but because of your own strength and vulnerability comic goes on I thought that was a great comment and I hope to call the Reddit because that community over there and Facebook very supportive. This week's call is the caller keeps apologizing saying sorry. It's such a bummer and it's not a bomber. It's actually I think a really hopeful call. It's a call full of a lot of looking forward in life while admitting that when you like kind of Look Backwards and look at the present this conversation recounts a lot of tough stuff that's colors in a lot of physical pain figuring that out. Out and in the course of dealing with that is also embracing who they are along the way and spends a lot of time telling us about the past and the present but also presents a future where maybe things will start heading in some different directions a very exciting way this call that really got my gears turning really made me remember things like how to prioritize taking care of yourself looking out for yourself embracing who you are.
I didn't think this one was a bummer at all found it full of Hope enjoy it.
Thank you for calling beautiful Anonymous a beeping noise will indicate when you are on the show with the host.
Hello.
Hi, is this Chris?
It is Chris and let me say right out of the gate. I appreciate your crystal clear phone.
Action. Oh, well, I'm glad to is so clear. I didn't think it would be so that's exciting.
Okay, I'm going to ask right out of the gate. Where are you from?
I'm from Scotland Scotland.
I love Scotland. I spent a month in Scotland and I love it.
Thank you for the Fringe.
I did the Edinburgh Fringe in 2016 and it was wonderful. What a wonderful city and what kind people and they were very kind to me and took to my comedy. Was a really great time so glad you enjoyed it or you're here. I did although there was one night where I had my very sensitive emotional show about my mental health issues.
I had a stag party what Americans would call a bachelor attend and it was not a good match. They would it was not a good company show for a stag party and they all they walked out my venue to walk out your to walk across the stage and they would walk. Gout maybe two at a time one at a time three at a time and I finally stopped to the show and said can you all just leave it once and they said no, we like the show those of us who remain like it and then I've restarted the show and then they all started leaving a strategically leaving in a way to ruin the show, but that was the only really bad night. But the I tell you the when I did the show in England, I've mentioned that it was it was at times met with real discomfort but something about being real depressed.
The Scottish the Scottish really got it.
Yeah, we really relate to that. That's kind of how we function made a bunch of jokes about buckfast.
It was a great time.
I can't believe I'm talking to you. Oh, that's such a corny thing to say, but I'm happy to be talking to you.
Thank you.
What would you like to talk about today?
Well actually realized I had panicked and forgotten everything I ever wanted to say to you. So I was just kind of like scribbling a little list. So I have a kind of checklist.
He's made it you made it an outline.
Wow, okay. Well, I got I got really worried because I call all the time as everybody always says and I never get through so I'd always thought about what would I say together if I got through but I didn't think it would actually ever happen. So then I started making a list of sheer Panic well, so I do have a list to quote Eminem.
This is your one shot do not miss your chance to blow. It's not like that at all. It's very casual laid-back.
Have a good time.
You have a list how it with can't go wrong.
You got a list. Well, that's true. That's true at the top of my list is in case I forget to say a massive. Thank you to you for doing the show and for a reason all the awareness that you have of mental health issues and for bees or honest and for making it easier for people like me to come forward with our struggles because you blazed a path there and made it normal.
So thank you.
Thank you for saying that and I'm I tell you. Very happy to have done my small part and you know, what makes me happy is that even in the time since I did my show even on the it's been what two years or three years since the special came out. I feel like the conversation is more open and I feel like if I put that same special out today, it wouldn't be that notable. And that's a very very good thing.
Yeah, I would hope so I hope so.
I'm sorry to hear that you related to it so much whenever somebody says that they've helped it is flattering but also heartbreaking and I'm sorry you've dealt with that stuff too.
Oh, thank you. Thank you. It's actually quite serendipitous timing getting through because for a while my life was pretty boring because things are going really well and then things are not going well again, so I feel like this is good timing, but that's I don't want to encourage that like, oh perfect timing the car. Life sucks perfect timing calling to talk about my life, but that was a very exciting to hear about but I don't want people I don't want people out there going on.
I hope my life gets real shitty. So I have something to say on this this podcast.
You know, I feel like I still had plenty to talk about but it would've been like about what was happening currently, but now I have interesting past things and present things. I hope that everyone's doing really well.
Yeah.
Okay, what's what else do we have on the list? What's item to let's check that box on the checklist.
So that's the first books same thing box is I have a chronic pain condition called fibromyalgia, and I don't think anyone's mentioned it on the show before so I wanted to represent a bit and get that kind of perspective across.
I don't I think you are correct. I don't believe It's been mentioned before unless it's slipping my mind talk to me about this.
Yes, so is real fun. It's a chronic pain condition that's primary symptoms or widespread chronic pain and fatigue and then a whole host of other weird and wonderful symptoms that go along with it. There's no cure for it.
There's limited treatments that they don't really know. Our effective results they just kind of try a bunch of things and hope that something takes and then you just kind of got a loan to with with it and around it.
Yeah that I've heard of it. I just looked it up. It doesn't sound like the conditions like we're talking about both irritable bowel syndrome and migraines two things. I don't like are amongst our amongst the many symptoms that are listed.
Yeah, it's wild. Let me tell you now.
Let me bring up something.
That that I wonder if you've dealt with I've heard I've heard tell me if this is true is that I've heard that it's I might be wrong fibromyalgia. I've heard is not the type of it's not like they take a blood test and say you have fibromyalgia. It's that if you're exhibiting a lot of these symptoms and they can't isolate another firm diagnosis of what it is. They're very often. That's the way that the diagnosis comes. Is that is that true or am I wrong on that?
Yeah.
No, that's Very true. They kind of you go in with a bunch of symptoms and they give you as many tests as they possibly can that would you know show something up and then when they've done the blood test in the scans and whatever else they know that it's nothing that's going to kill you. But obviously you're still not well, so then they look for things that they can't find on a blood test.
And usually that's fibromyalgia wipe and I've heard that in a way that I would imagine is infuriating and discouraging a lot of times because it's diagnosed in that fashion. There are some people who roll their eyes and go. Oh, well, this is a fake thing and I would have to imagine that's really really hurtful.
Yeah. It is like pretty tough and even like medical professionals. I've had symptoms for about four years, but was only diagnose last year. Because doctors would just be like, oh you're just tired or at a time. I had a lot of mental health issues. So you're just like it's a symptom of depression and anxiety and then like life got better and I was still ill and then for like the medical profession to Fabio like the rest of society doesn't really have a chance. So then yeah and you can't see it. You can never see it. It's changes so much like one day it could be. Be relatively. Okay, and then the next day I can't be able to get out of bed and like I don't understand it. So it's difficult to expect other people to empathize and understand it properly.
Yeah, that's What a hard thing to deal with. We don't know what you're going to deal with on any given day when you wake up.
I feel like it kind of taught me what I needed to learn know because I've I mean I had a list for this podcast. I've always been someone that needs a plan and needs to know what they're doing at all times and if it's not like laid out to within an inch of its life and I can't do it until it's taught me to kind of let go of that a bit which I think I needed. I mean I kind of want another way but It's told me some way right I would imagine if anything teaches you to kind of adjust on the Fly and roll with the punches.
It's a condition that varies day by day.
Yeah. Yeah for sure.
Wait. That's it. That's a pretty amazing way to find a benefit in what sounds like a really terrible thing that speaks out. Well, don't get me wrong.
I spend a lot of days real mad about it, but I'm sure hey to be grateful for it and I'm grateful. Aspects of it.
I also want to give kudos to you because you said that you've done a good job in recent times of pushing through your depression. And I know how hard that is and it can't be easy when you're in physical pain all the time to those things go hand-in-hand I would think and it must be hard to fight out of the mental stuff when the physical stuff is so difficult.
Yeah. Um, I was kind of managing my mental health. I feel like I've started this off in a real Oh bomber mood, but I was kind of managing my mental health pretty well. And then I got really ill and was kind of like how it's going for a bit and then I'm I'm mobile again, but not very and it kind of took a lot of my coping mechanisms away like exercise and fresh air and things like that.
So it has been harder to manage it recently and actually landed myself in the hospital a couple weeks ago.
I closed my mental health was not ideal but it can't be done. I did it for a while. He can manage both of them, but they don't lend each other while to managing the other so it's definitely a balancing act that I'm working on trying to get right and how does one treat fibromyalgia I would imagine.
Is it Case by case with the doctors? Are they giving you painkillers Isaiah? Is it I would I bet it's the type of thing that medical marijuana. Moana is something people lean into what's the type of stuff that people use?
Yeah, just before I say that I want to say that I am one person with one experience. I'm still learning a lot about it and people get really mad when you try and talk about stuff like this because everybody's experience is so different. So I just want to recognize that so many different people experience on so many different levels and use different things that I Haven't heard of so I don't want to try and speak for everybody. I love it. So can I also Echo?
I hope before you answer.
I love that. You said that it's a good thing to know at the top of a call that you're just telling me and on my end to similarly. Sometimes people get mad at me and go how could you not ask this? And they forget that I am not I have no preparation and it's not like I've done research and I'm just a confused fellow from New Jersey trying to figure out the world one person at a time. So I'm glad you said that anyway.
In your experience. What is the treatment plan been? What are the types of things that you've considered or your doctors have considered?
Yes. So there's a bunch of different medications. They kind of like I call you through to try and see if any of them relieves the pain because they don't really know what does relieve the pain and there's no medication that definitely works. So they cycle you through a few and then some of them for me have like helped a bit.
And some of them we're rubbish so we came off them. And then the other thing is like I'm just going through a self-management program where they kind of like teacher about fundamentally what paint is and how to kind of like increase it or decrease it and it's a lot of things like your stress levels your mood your activity levels things like that. So it's kind of like, how can you minimize that type of Stuff so like relaxation breathing exercises and stuff like that.
There's also more ability AIDS which are another controversial topic if you like. So I use a walking stick and then sometimes a crutch and the help me leave the house, which is exciting. So it's just kind of a bunch of different stuff that you can try. There is also like the CBD oil and medical marijuana like I haven't tried it yet, but it's definitely something I want to try.
And yeah, you basically just do a bunch of research you do a bunch of like wacky out their treatments. There's just so much out there. It's difficult to know like what's going to be helpful and what you know a bunch of rubbish. But yeah, there's no like one set treatment path. So it's a lot of trial and error just got to Scotland have medical marijuana.
Where do you where do you stand on that as a nation?
Often we don't see the oil as legal with a certain percentage of THC in it, but to the best of my knowledge, we don't have medical marijuana.
It's my I tell you what without without telling her story for my wife had a an injury many years ago back injury is pretty catastrophic and she tells pain for a long time. And yeah, she's Doubt so much with reading she's really read up on pain and pain management. And what pain is it's very very fascinating the relationship between the body and the mind when it comes to pain because pain exists to warn you that something's going on, but this is not to say it's all in your head, but there's some so many fascinating studies that say that sometimes pain can relate to your brain kind of You know misfiring or misinterpreting something and telling you that there's pain there and it's very real pain, but that it's it's it can be rooted in so many different things. It's such a strange fascinating area to study and think about it is when you kind of like learn more about it you realize how vulnerable humans are like my brain will they don't really know how it happens.
But basically something happened to my brain and it just started working slightly differently. I'm firing. Of pain signals that weren't there and it like takes over your entire life. And that's just your brain like not doing what it's supposed to be doing. It's not injured. It's just doing something different and you just kind of realize how vulnerable you are is a pile of walking. Boot like it's just so weird.
Did you say a pile of walking group?
Yeah, well that's was pretty much our with some balloons in there.
No, those are the moments that I love the most in life and that I've learned about through the show talking about pain and the brain and the body and the symptoms and then you say pile of walking group and I can't help but laugh.
I feel like you have to laugh at these things. I would just cry all the time.
This is you just described. What I would say is about six and a half days of the week for this guy. If I'm not laughing them sitting here thinking about how I really feel God forbid that ever happen.
Oh, yeah, who needs? I don't know. No, thank you. No, thank you.
No.
My wife she's telling about she reads up on all these different studies and all these sort of like experimental pain management techniques. She's telling me there's some better some really fascinating ones Rina. Sometimes people who are missing limbs will feel Phantom pains in limbs that are gone and it can be excruciating and I'll probably miss quote this terribly and someone will link me to the real study and educate me further, but there's apparently mirrors that exist.
That allow you to look in the mirror and see your remaining limb as the missing one and you can then go massage that muscle and in the mirror, you will see it and mentally you will feel the effects of that massage and the phantom pain will lessen as if you got a real massage or sometimes people feel the need to scratch an itch on a phantom Limb and it can you can imagine sounds like a small thing, but it would be Cruciate has to have an ever-present. It's that you can't scratch and allows them to scratch the yeah, and a lot of that is because you're allowing your brain to see a pain being dealt with and the brain has helped create or perpetuate this pain. So your brain feel satisfied. It's it's really the relation between the brain and the body in terms of pain is there's a lot of really fascinating stuff out there.
Yeah, that really is and it's a real shame.
That you got to deal with it and that you have days where you can't even get out of bed. That sucks. I know that's simple to say but it does it sucks.
Thank you and try not to be mad about all the time. But sometimes you just gotta let yourself be mad about it for a bit and then get on with your day.
Yeah. Yeah. I like that. I think that is true. Sometimes you just sometimes when life hands you something when you get Delta here and that's not ideal you do. Sometimes you gotta just reserve the right to just be pissed off for a day or two just going going through just bbs. It's fine.
If you fight it like I'll fight it and then I'll just be in a semi bad mood all week. Yeah, or I can have a morning where I'm just real pissed off of it. And then the rest of the week is sign right side of and you're living in Scotland having been there for a month.
I know it rains a lot who wants to sit? Who wants to sit there trying to put a happy face on pain when it's a low lingering rain for you know, 48 hours straight. You got to leave the house to go to the grocery store and you got a walking stick or a crutch it maybe some days you're allowed to just go. I don't feel like finding a way to put a smile on my face just gonna go to the store in the rain and be pissed off and come home in the rain and be pissed off and cook my dinner and watch some Netflix and go to bed and It's okay, and then I'll bounce back and I'll see how I feel tomorrow. And if I feel like being pissed off then I'll do that too. And if not, I'll have a great day.
I think there's something healthy about being honest about that.
I think so and I think that's why your your comedy probably did so well and edinburgh's were just like everyone here is sad like we are all sad in most of us are angry and we're probably anxious and so like everyone's in the same boat. I've just got a stick. Like that, everyone's sad or angry about raining all the time ever you everyone said or angry.
I just happen to have a stick. That is a real that is a real. You should work for the Scotland tourism board right there.
That seems like a great time to pause talking about so much cool stuff already. And guess what? There's all checklist to check more items. We get back the meantime got ads check these things out put these on your checklist think some of these things fit what you need use the promo codes helps to show when you do we'll be right back.
With joy bird your personal one-of-a-kind style should match your furniture bring your mood boards to life with hundreds of customizable pieces and over 50 Fabric and leather options Three Shades of wood and over 250 unique Silhouettes from Joy bird fabric Swatch kits allow you to see and touch all of their Fabrics to find the perfect choice tell you what I am moving to a house instead of an apartment going out got A joy bird couch and I'll tell you why it's not because they're an advertiser's because they're a good company. My wife loves their stuff said we got to have this as the centerpiece of our living room Joy bird. It's no joke each piece is made with Ultimate Care and precision using real wood and responsibly sourced materials that all those harmful chemicals create furniture that matches your own Fearless style at Joy bird. Com, / beautiful 25, see how Joy bird can help make your dream space for real. Leti today at Joy bird. Com beautiful 25 go to Joy bird. Com beautiful 25 receive an exclusive offer for 25% off your first order by using the code beautiful 25.
Working out is hard. We all know that and bomba socks. I'm not going to say they can change that but they can certainly make working out more comfortable. If your resolution is to get fit this year start by getting socks that can keep up every step of the way. I tell you I have gotten myself a bunch of socks that are specific for basketball and it makes a difference. I'm out there running around and they are legitimately more comfortable and I'll tell you what, too.
People play basketball or people like style, you know, everybody's always checking out each other's gear. I've gotten consistent compliments where people were like, oh those Red Sox dude like these tough basketball alpha male types consistently given depth to my socks tapping me up on my socks. And I love that. They give away three pairs of socks to people in need think that's super cool. But I'm just makes a variety of performance socks designed for everything from running hiking cycling tennis. And yes basketball plus a lot more bomba. Sorry. Signed with Left Right contouring and a why stitched heel so they stay perfectly in place and they've gotten rid of that annoying toe seem. Oh boy the toasty and for every pair you buy bombas donates a pair to someone in need. Like I said, that is a noble thing that I support Go to bombas. Com stories today get 20% off your first purchase. That's Bo MBA s. Com stories for 20% off bombas. Com / stories.
Thanks so much to our advertisers and now let's get back to the conversation.
That is a real you should work for the Scotland tourism board right there.
What is it? What makes is there because I noticed when I was in because I think being there for a month.
I'm certainly No Authority and I was there for a festival and a festival that's like a notorious attraction bringing thousands. So it's I wouldn't say it's not like I went embedded myself a Scottish life, but I did live in one of the major cities for a month. What is it that fuels when you say everybody's a little sad everybody can be a little pissed off.
What is it that feels that he think it is.
I don't know. I think the weather has something to do with it. Like it's pissing rain for a full week and you can't do anything like everyone. We're quite like our mood depends on the weather a lot of the time.
I think also part of it is just like bread into like you're just born a bit sad. That's the burden you have to bear.
This is not like I'm a youth worker. So this is not like my official work client a guy should be preaching positivity, but that world is born a little angry born a little sad kind of passed on to you by your relatives.
And then I think I've given us a bad rap. I think at the start of the sentence. I mean, I love the people here I do because I'm I'm with you there funny people Joy.
Is people kind people? But I will say I know I also noticed what you said like when I was at The Fringe Festival my venue, I would have to walk. Not far just a couple blocks to get where I was saying and I was doing a late night show 10 p. M. I think so I'd be walking home usually around, you know, 11:30 midnight.
And even at that time you'd see it's like all day you'd see people who are just so full of joy and smiles and kindness and then you just see somebody like leaning with their head against a wall visibly drunk like maybe throwing up and just like you can see just having having one of those nights where they're just thinking It is my life and you died see that all the time all the time.
Yeah, I think also Scotland has an alcohol problem that we don't want to talk about because we think it's just part of being Scottish and we think that it's like cool makes us hard that we can outdrink everyone but really like if you look at it properly. Oh God Scottish people are gonna get mad at me for this. But like we have an alcohol problem we need Address it before it goes too far.
There's certainly I mean I was there for a festival people like to party at a festival but they go hard. Can I ask you since we're talking about some broad Scottish themes here. Can you talk to me? I was quite fascinated by and I'm not sure where you live but the relationship between Edinburgh and Glasgow. I found very fascinating.
Yeah. Yeah about that.
I don't live in either. So I feel like I have a relatively objective view on the it definitely is an interesting Dynamic I think so, I love both cities. I love all people are going to be mad at me. I love them. Both Edinburgh is kind of like a dressed-up Scottish City. It's like they're for the tourists and the people that From Edinburgh has kind of like a Porsche Scottish accent because you can't afford to live there unless you're like descended from monarchy.
So everyone there is like kinda Porsche and so like it's great. I love it. But it does kind of get a posh wrap and then Glasgow is not like that and it's I think it likes to think of itself certainly as a more view Scottish experience and real Scottish City and Also Glasgow is bigger than Edinboro. So they think that they should be the capital but Edinburgh the capital. So that's very tense.
I'm trying not to make anyone to angry. I love both places.
They like each other. I got the sense from the Edinboro people that they've used. They viewed the Glasgow people almost as like like Marauders who you gotta watch. Now these guys are going to like if they're going to try to just fight you on the spot. Like I got the sense that the Edinburgh people had like almost a fear of the of the Glasco types.
And I got the sense that the Glasgow says we're almost proud proud that the Edinboro people feared them.
Yeah. Yeah those guys those historical like reputation. That is it's always been rough. ER it's been you know working class the thing here. I'm from quite a rural place. We kind of don't with or not in either City. So the thing here was always like if you go to go out go you're going to get stabbed that was always like gospels reputation and Is like go ahead was such a friendly City such a friendly City.
But also you've got a not start a fight with someone because they may well still be but everyone thinks that like they love that like they're the hard people because it has a lot of toxic masculine in Glasgow kind of takes on a lot of that and I love it and I'm trying hard not to make people mad. But I think everyone hears that and I'm bleeding every blame me get mad at me.
It sounds like you say Glasgow. You might get stabbed Edinboro. You might get judged. Does that sound fair?
Yeah, you'll definitely get judge might get stopped but you'll definitely get a job.
Look at that again. They should really hide the you should be hired to write the brochures Glasgow. You might get stabbed Edinburgh. You will be judged. Welcome to Scarlett.
This is the real I was like so excited. If I go on this podcast to promote Scotland as a place that no one ever mentioned it but I'll talk about how terrible it ya know cuz there's listen it's it's it's it's it's fun to dwell on the the stereotypical stuff and the broad stuff.
But the truth of the matter having been there a lovely kind people filled with humor and and good cheer and people you know what I love both in my dances in Scotland and Ireland is people who give you the benefit of the doubt where the starting point is. We're going to have a laugh and we're going to enjoy each other until you give me a reason to not and that starting point is very very refreshing for an American especially someone who lives in the Northeast where we're all kind of like cynical and you kind of assume Pete you shouldn't let people they have to earn the right for kindness Scotland. The starting point is Let's Be Cool, let's let's start with kindness until you give me a reason not to and it's beautiful. It's a beautiful trait wonderful people.
I'm glad you enjoyed your time here and it is a beautiful country and Countryside and the people but we're just quite small. So everyone always forgets us and they refer to all of the UK as England which is like the quickest way to put the Scottish personal like yes.
Yes. Yes. Oh, I mean all the Dynamics of the UK are hard to decipher for Outsiders and getting harder every day.
Yeah, it can imagine I can't imagine when you call you Call Scotland England that pisses them off you call Ireland part of the UK that pisses them off.
There's a lot it's a lot of ways. There's a lot of ways in that region of the world to step on people's toes.
Yeah. That's a lot so balanced. Yeah.
Yeah. Well, what else what else is on this checklist because we're already half an hour in.
Oh my gosh, it's ones, right Lying by.
Okay. I've really been loving talking to eat.
Oh, thank you. It's been amazing to talk to you. I still can't really believe it. That's awesome. What's next on the checklist? Okay don't think I was being kind of nervous to talk about but wanted to represent as basically just call this podcast to promote almost like personal identities and but so You had your youngest color ages ago and I was so pissed off because someone had beaten me to being the youngest and also there are bisexual. So they've stolen all of my bits. I want to stock up.
So you're mad you want it to be our young bisexual got there first.
I so badly. Wanted to be your young bisexual how young are you would be into that? I'm No 19 you now 19 and how bisexual are you?
Sorry, I had to ask for the left. That's not a cool question doesn't even make sense. Really. The question doesn't make sense. It's just made me laugh at my head 19. Yeah, you're very young dealing dealing with pain when you're 19 that that's that's not good that it was already heartbreaking and now to hear that. You're such a young person with so much life ahead of me, and I don't want that life to be saddled with.
That's so hard.
I know I feel like I started the podcast of on a bomber. I don't know but whoever listen to this show.
This one's like a bright ray of sunshine. Do you hear the stuff that comes up on this show just your accent alone. People are tickled pink compared to most of the time half an hour and people of already. It's already like like 600 pages into a Dickens novel you're doing great.
Hey, so being 19 being bisexual.
What's the experience?
It's it's interesting for sure and there's even been a development in my identity since then. I have realized my view I'd come to terms with the fact that I guess and that I am non-binary as well. Just Another letter to my to my Camp. So I was when I realized when I was finally like right, I'm non-binary one of the first thoughts I had and I shit you not was that I thank God that I hope if I get on the podcast I have something new to talk about like I want to be young and bisexual so you're a part of that experience. Thanks for that. I'm so happy.
I'm so happy to help you find comfort and excitement and bracing. Your true self, although. I hope that that outside of the podcast that that's an exciting and gratifying thing in its own right?
No less subtle, but it's there. So there's something do you use something have you shifted the pronouns that you use just so I can make sure that I am on top of that for the rest of the car. Um, I have I know use they/them pronouns to people that have come out to which is not a huge number.
We're working on it.
Well, I'll do my best. Sometimes I slip up. I'm getting kind of old and I'm ingrained in my ways but I always try and have a very very good friend of mine who's a musician named album. Who's really educated me who says you always try and that's that's the important thing. So I'll try I'll do my best.
Yeah. Well on my on my checklist next to the non-binary word is talk about Mal Blum because oh wow them so much and has been really cool to have like somebody out there that I can listen to that identifies in a similar way that I do.
It's been real cool now blend for anybody doesn't know is a real good pal of mine and they I also am very inspired by Mom anyways, and then on top of it.
Goddamn Mel knows how to write a catchy tune where the lyrics stick in your head.
Oh my god.
Oh you can't is sometimes I listen to mouth and I get mad because then it's in my head all day.
Oh so good.
I mean I mean until now that you said that ml is going to be very very happy.
Oh my goodness.
Now when you realize you're not can I ask so there's so many ways now that people are classifying themselves embracing identity. I like to learn about it. I like to shut my mouth and be educated when when you say nine by nine binary because I Like that can mean that can mean a number of things. What does that mean to you?
Yeah to me. I guess I just take it to mean I don't identify as either male or female. I'm not as no gender either as people sometimes with him. I just kind of identify somewhere in the middle. It shifts from time to time like it is more fluid than is. Tiant for my wardrobe, that's for sure. But yeah, I just kind of live in the middle and I never know identify as either female or male. I'm just kind of drifting about in the middle.
Right and it sounds like this relates to who you're attracted to at given times. You just mentioned some days you want to wear outfits that present as one way more than the other and it's just because there's also a phrase fluid sexuality. That's another another thing that people sometimes. Is I wake up on different days and I feel like a different different person on certain days as far as my desires or how I want to express myself.
I wonder what your experience is. And you say you haven't come out to too many people but even experiencing it may be still on a more private level.
It is a it is a concept that I think for many people like it was not this was not this was not something that was on the radar when I was growing up and it's on the radar now and I think there's some people especially people who are you know around my age or older where it's very very hard to understand and then I think I said versions of this on the show before but when it comes to all of this stuff one of the things that I always remind myself of and that I It really stresses that don't really matter. If you understand.
It doesn't change the fact that you can be supportive and compassionate towards someone else's experience. You don't have to fundamentally know the feelings. They're feeling to support and to show compassion for the fact that they are feeling those feelings.
Yeah. Thank you so much for saying that cuz it's interesting to identify in this way and you get a lot of interesting responses. Has I hate to a group people into categories but kind of especially from people that are older than me and kind of I think people like to claim that not understanding something means that they can't in any way be compassionate but as you said like I don't really think that's true and I try to see other people's perspective on that, but it's really refreshing to hear your take so like sixth I feel like an extension.
In so many ways that it's as we talked about it. I'm just realizing right now. I feel like there's this very strange sort of like almost narcissistic approach to the world right now where people go well if I don't get it, then it must not be what it is. Like I almost think of people who feel like the Earth is flat where they go. Well, I don't really get the science behind the world being round. So the World is Flat. It's like nuts.
There's also another thing which is that you don't understand astrophysics, and that's fine, but that it can be real and proven and you can like Yeah, yeah, I wouldn't know how to build a Large Hadron Collider. It doesn't mean that physics isn't real like it's there's a very weird everyone filters their experience only through their understanding now, we forget that like and I'm the first one to say this about myself have a very limited understanding a lot of things. I'm kind of dumb in many ways. And that's fine. We all are you don't get to talk about other people's experience or the World At Large.
Through all the through only the lens of the things you do and do not get very weird.
And I'm going to go ahead and pause there and it forced a Segway. Maybe there's things you may or may not want to get in your life. I'm talking of course about products Services good things that advertisers will explain to you. We have ads check them out. Use the promo codes will be right back.
Tis the season to Get Cozy at home, right? You might have been like tis the season it's after the holidays. Why do you say that? Because it's always the season to Get Cozy at home. Your furniture should suit your needs while feeling uniquely you that's where Joy bird comes in with over 50 Fabric and leather options Three Shades of wood and over 250 unique Silhouettes do the math Joy Birds. Got a lot to choose from the days of settling are over.
You can bring your mood boards to life whether More of a neutral beige or a bubblegum pink person built by Joy bird designed by you. They even offer a range of kid and pet friendly upholstery options. That's very important. Right? I could use a key. I need more joy burn around because this kid spits up.
It's true. I've never known the value of kid-friendly upholestry more than as I'm reading it right now free. Fabric Swatch kits are available to let you see and touch all the Fabrics help you make the best choice Joy Birds free personal design. Consultants can help you. Go from inspiration to Creation.
Each piece is made with the ultimate care and precision all joy bird handcrafted Pieces come with a limited lifetime warranty create furniture that matches your own Fearless style at Joy bird. Com, beautiful 25, see how Joy bird can help make your dream space a reality today at Joy bird. Com, beautiful 25 go to Joy bird. Com beautiful 25 and receive an exclusive offer for 25% off your first order by using the code.
beautiful 25 Thanks again checking out the ad use those promo codes helps show when you do now, let's finish off the conversation.
You don't get to talk about other people's experience or the World At Large through all the through only the lens of the things you do and do not get very weird.
Yeah, and it applies to so much as you said like it applies to the chronic pain as well people think that you know, because they can't see it or because they don't really understand the medicine behind it that it can't possibly be true. Yeah. Actually you don't have a medical degree. It's all right, you're not going to understand it.
Yeah, and it's What does that matter I would have to imagine to that has to be infuriating to you because it's like okay, you don't get it and now you're talking my ear off about how you don't get it and giving me a hard and we're getting into this debate. Doesn't you you didn't get you don't get it doesn't change the fact that I'm the one who had a migraine all day yesterday and spent spent half my day on the toilet in pain like it doesn't change that, you know.
Yeah, and I don't know if you have toilet stuff is just one of the symptoms and I saw came up. I don't I'm not trying to put words in your mouth.
So many symptoms so many symptoms now.
Can I ask being non binary as far as who you're interested in dating?
Are you interested mostly in dating other nine non-binary people because I know I have friends who that becomes their preference. Is it something that doesn't matter? Is it something that allows you to maybe have a wider playing field where you can fall in love with whomever you want and not necessarily consider this type of stuff. Where does that land?
Yeah. I mean, I've always even when identified as a female like my specialty I've always liked. And as bisexual but for me anyway, I take that to mean that I'm attracted to people of my gender and all of different genders.
So I've always been like not some terrible but not really fussed about who the other person is, like what gender they identify as and what gender they were born as like, none of it has really seem to matter to me too much in terms of who I'm attracted to And the moment like I guess the one thing that has changed identifying as non-binary is like I had lost my own mind out of thinking in binary is like and that's kind of what held me back for a while was like I didn't want to admit or didn't want to look at life out with a binary until head like well, I was in rural Scotland. So the whole thing is pretty ingrained in you that girls do one thing and boys. Do one thing and everybody is either a girl or a boy.
So it kind of helped me take like check some of my own personal biases unlike be more open I think but it hasn't really changed him attracted to I don't think yeah, you mentioned being in a rural area.
I also think that maybe for those of us who live outside of Scotland We maybe think of Scotland. And some of the surrounding countries associated with it as places that maybe tend to be a little bit more repressed. That's stereotype. I don't know how true it is. Do you feel like you had mentioned it sounds clearly like living in a rural area made made sorting all this out a little bit more difficult.
Yeah for sure Scotland's oppressed. I probably and so our that's but you're so is the u. S.
Believe me. So is the u. S.
I think in cities like I think there's just a higher population. So you find your own Community there. But yeah.
Yes, yeah ingrained in our culture to have an alcohol problem. But so yeah living her Ali has yet made of all little bit more tricky. There is pretty much no LGBT community. Everybody goes up and moves away as quickly as possible to somewhere where there's more than like three other people so I didn't like So who don't necessarily like okay. No, there was big at tree growing up that you kind of hear and I didn't really realize how much of an impact that had on me until I was coming out as like bisexual and I was terrified and I was kind of like, oh that's because of all of the like hatred that goes on and you know, you're kind of like raised with and I was pretty lucky in my family that I've ever had like people weren't all Overtly homophobic or overtly bigoted but it's kind of more quiet.
You don't come across any like you don't get Diversified as you're growing up. You don't come across, you know other gay teens or people in the community that are in same-sex relationships or identifying as different gender. So you don't really like to see it and I think that was one of the biggest things for me is I've kind of seen bisexual And I don't really care I was and I was comfortable but when I was coming to terms with being non-binary there was I've never met someone here. Anyway that has like been out as non-binary. There's no no one to look to or just to be like, oh that person is living a relatively like happy life and there are non-binary. It can't be that bad. Like it was no no one to look up to I guess and also the bicep Reality people can kind of like you can swing it I think mostly because they just hope you're going to come out straight, but the non-binary stuff is like a lot less accepted here and I think I'm gonna try and move away before I have to come out to this tiny community that will probably older and on me.
That's so sad that such a shame to hear the end of that last couple sentences. So you really you really feel It would be non-supportive and not totally safe to at least in the sense of having a safety net. So you got you got to get out of there.
Yeah, I mean, I don't know if I'm just being extra harsh on my community, but I just I think it comes down to that thing is like understanding again people here.
This is bad rap for Scotland again. Sorry guys, but in my community things they don't understand they don't like and they don't, you know, they're not compassionate about and I saw my parents were like Tolerant of bisexuality again, mostly because I think it's a hold from going to come out straight and then but I really don't know how they'll cope with the whole gender thing. So I think for me I want to move away find a community and kind of have that to fall back on if everything goes terribly here.
Got to bummer like topics to land on I didn't mean for this to be so sad.
I'm telling you. This is in. This is in the bottom third of sadness for this show. All right, you're doing great. Here's a question that I hope. I wonder if you thought about this and I hope this does not feel like I'm discounting any part of your story. When you think about fibromyalgia, which is a hard thing to diagnose in a hard thing to solve and where you just you've mentioned that you have to sort of experiment with stuff.
We've talked a little bit about how the physical pain and the emotional pain which you've mentioned are both present can be related. If you put any thought towards the idea that as you become more comfortable with who you are and as you're becoming Self-actualized more open about it and braising it more.
Is there any thought of I wonder if getting to a place of peace with this might help with some of the physical stuff as well?
Definitely because I don't really like I knew it there and I knew like it was gonna be there but I kind of thought it's gender like I can so naive but I didn't ignore it like I don't have to To deal with it and then I was in therapy and talking about it and kind of like working on it and then we kind of like, okay, so maybe there are a few more issues here and then I kind of made the decision to like change my pronouns and experiment with like and you main kind of in that space and with my friends as in like as soon as I started to think going people like just the pronouns. I just like immediately started crying because it felt on using and it felt like finally stepping into who I been all of this time but not being able to live as so I think over the past we while I've recognized more of like impact that it's had on me and has on me.
So I definitely think like the more comfortable you become with it the more out I become and kind of being able to live as the person I feel like I am then like definitely that will take away a burden that it has on my mental health and My physical health and just kind of like I think the core of it is just being more at peace with who you are like.
Being more happy and content that the life that you're living lined up with who you want to be and who you feel you are. So I definitely consider that it has an impact there.
It's a beautiful thing. You just said sitting here saying it's a bummer and then you bust out something beautiful like that and it's not it is so fascinating to hear that you're you're someone who Is in the process of coming to grips with how you feel about your own body and and it doesn't feel it feels like it might not be a total coincidence that your body has also caused you a lot of pain.
It's that's a really fascinating.
Yeah, I mean fascinating thing to think about. Yeah, it feels kind of opt that you know, I've told it has to do this thing that was never really designed to do for years of I have to You know pretend to be a girl and all that jazz and then it was just like fuck this. We're just going to have a bunch of pain party because you won't let us do what we're supposed to be doing.
I also think there are other factors. They think that like trauma is a factor in whether you get fibromyalgia or not. And as an eating disorder when I was really young so that total of like strain on the body, so I haven't been very nice to it in many ways. So although I get Stuff that it doesn't do I wanted to I also have to watch it and kind of in like get your point. I kind of wouldn't want to do what I want me to do after treating you like that you go.
I hope that there's a I'm envisioning the future where you move to like you say you're going to go someplace that's a little bigger where there's various communities. I don't know if that I don't know if you're going to go to Glasgow and start stabbing. People are gonna go to Edinboro start Jackson people that's up to you.
But I hope you move there. R and you find all those people who relate and understand and you become more and more comfortable with your body and you treat your body right physically for a number of years and then at some point you just get to throw that cane in the garbage and you'd start you just doing gymnastics, he starts has to him like all this crazy liberated physical stuff because you have felt like you physically taken care of yourself and mentally freed yourself. That's what I'm hoping.
That's my prediction is that you'll be a gymnast in within five years.
Thank you. If you saw me you would retract that statement, but thank you.
I think there's a bright future and can I relate something Jared type something on the screen that I'd like to pass on to you because he said to me he goes he typed he said, you know, the caller says that they've brought up bummer stuff.
But Jared pointed out the idea that you say that you know, there's a larger Community out there for you and that you can find support within it and that you plan on going and getting to it that that that's uplifting. That's hopeful that's not a bummer at all. You know, you haven't had it up until now and it creates a pressure cooker and maybe that's a bummer but we live in a world now where you know, there is some place that feels accepting and safe and like a place where you can explore this and figure it out fully. That's not a bummer.
It's pretty beautiful.
Well, thank you. It's hard to hold onto that all of the time but you saying it like that has nearly made me cry. I said I wouldn't cry on this call. Yeah a couple couple weeks ago. I lost parasite of that hope and I landed in hospital. So to be able to actually talk to you and hear that really lead all feels like a positive side.
I'll look it was Jarrod Jarrod made you cry for once. I'm not the one who made someone cry Jared make you cry. I'm just a vessel. I'm sorry to hear you had you went to the hospital feeling like that support wasn't there and it is I tell you it is it is it's I think when when you realize that you're someone walking your own path and that that path puts you in a place where you're marginalizing you're alone has to be one of the scariest feelings when you're in a community that you feel like is not going to accept you terrifying, but you said it before I did that Community exists. It's out there and it's so inspiring to see that I feel like with each passing year.
There's more openness and more pride and more living outwardly and more people standing up and saying who they are and doing that in ways that reflect strength and pent actual pride and oftentimes a pride that it's in your face and Unapologetic and I see it and I feel like you can see it from afar and I really hope you put yourself someplace closer to it because I'd have to imagine it's going to feel so good.
Yeah, and I griped about you know, living in a small community and like having to come towards my identity this marginalized but I feel so grateful to live in 2019 because The world is not perfect yet, but the fact that I know that I can move away and find that community and they exist and that you know, social media gets a really bad rap and I think we get y but for me, it's awesome kind of like a Lifeline sometimes because it's the place where I can go to find other people that are like me and I can watch people like succeeding or just existing that identify like me.
And that is like that means the world when you're stuck out here, you know, not in a community that could be supported to be able to go online and and see other people kind of like living their truth and to listen to music by people like Mal. It's all pretty special. So I'm really grateful for all the work of the people who came before me who did the really tough stuff.
Means that I get to see that Community, even if it's from afar and know that there is hope and people that get it.
So yeah, I feel good to realize like I'm listening to this album and I can tell from these lyrics that there's at least one other person who sometimes feels the way I do that can be huge just one person huge.
It's so everything. I'm like, you know you switch on most television and there's no one that looks like you and you go out in the community and there's no one that looks like you and has the same experience as you and today. I've got like sit down and listen to somebody who does sometimes feel the same way and you know is is touring and making music and you know their whole life don't fall apart because there are non-binary and yank that has its everything. It's amazing.
I know I was joking about it before have you thought about what city you want to head to is their city where you're like, that's the place where I know I'm going to find my people. Yeah.
Well, I'm actually supposed to be moving to University and September to Dundee. So neither Edinburgh or Glasgow, but Dundee Dundee have to say yeah, I have not.
I have not heard about Dundee as a massive Metropolis tell me about At Dundee. Yeah, I don't know much about Dundee no offense to our many many Dundee listeners. I don't know much about it.
You feel like that you feel like that's a place where there's a little bit more room to breathe and find yourself and find find out find the other people thinking how you're thinking I think so like I haven't been excited about uni, because Health makes it difficult and then my mental helpful thing was kind of scary and so I didn't know if I wanted to go, but the one thing I have been excited about as being able to Find a community and find other people and I've looked into it and I know that there are trans support groups, and there are LGBT support groups. And so it'll just be really cool to be able to have a place to go to meet other people with similar experiences and I'm not surprised. You haven't heard about Dundee gonna piss Tandy people off now, this is all Scotland. Just taking off this Petty.
But it's historically had a very bad rap. So if you're going to get stabbed in Glasgow, you're going to die and then do but you're not going to die in done because you're not going to go there because who would go to Dundee?
But but is it has had a lot of improvement happened to it as become much nicer place is beside the river. So there is water and yeah, it is better. There's a lot of cultural stuff to do it's nicer. You're not going to die if you visit there now and you may actually visit because it's kind of nice but also there's still a lot of work to do and I I'm a youth worker who's going to study Community Education tool for me. That's pretty appealing to be able to go out into the community and try and you know help the folks that have been there this whole time struggling away.
So yeah, don't even get me some be something don't even get me started on those shitheads up in Aberdeen redeem. Listen.
We're at a time. But I just want to say genuinely thank you for talking to me. You're very fascinating person. It's called was a really eye-opening one that I enjoyed and I'm so excited to hear. You know, one of the main things that I'm walking away thinking is that you're 19 and you've been through a lot and a lot of physical pain emotional pain and it's heartbreaking to hear about it. But hearing that, you know, there's a life at it here and that you're headed to Dundee hearing that Dundee is a place where you might get stead, but there's also a water and you're going to enjoy it.
I think I think there's such better times ahead. And I'm so excited for you to go out there and live those better times.
Thank you so much for listening and for talking to me for all this time. Listen to me ramble on thank you so much and for everything that you do at your amazing, so thank you.
I'm fine. I'm totally average those orkney islands. What about the orkney islands ain't nothing going on up there, right? Oh, yeah nothing but they're stunning this coming.
Caller so sincerely. Thank you again for calling and I just want to reiterate what I said at the end. You're headed. You're headed to bigger places you're headed to places where you can be yourself more and I hope that that takes away so much the emotional pain and who knows maybe when that goes away the physical pain will too and I am wishing you nothing. But the best for you Jared O'Connell being the Spine of this entire show it allows all think the function thinking Harry Nelson for being on another anybody Point. Thank you so much. She'll shag music has up to find this show.
You guys are the best. I love you. You don't know about me and I'm out on the road Kris ketz. Com. That's tour dates for all up there. Come say hi. Do you like the show go to Apple podcast? Great review And subscribe it very genuinely helps when you do. Thanks so much for listening. Talk to you next time.
Next time I'm beautiful and autonomous this lady. Let's raccoons live in her house. You bathe with a wild animal perched up the side of the top.
I forgive you wild. He's he's been mostly little babies and they won. I was up at 4:30 every morning watching The Facts of Life giving him a bottle before I got ready for work. And we bonded if you drop the soap and it slips out of the tub.
Does he run over with his little thumbs and grab it and hand it back to you know, our soap has permanent call holes in it because when we're not in the tub, he loves to play in there and they'll get soaked down. Yes your soap it has Holes in it from the wild animals that have overrun your house willingly when you say it like that.
It makes me seem really really nasty.
That's next time on beautiful anonymous.
An illegal (rescued) pet raccoon who eats capn crunch out of a shoe, Al-Anon, society, sex, working through trauma. This episode is brought to you by Joybird (www.joybird.com/beautiful25 code: BEAUTIFUL25), Candid Co (www.candidco.com/stories code: STORIES), and Magoosh (www.magoosh.com code: BEAUTIFUL).
Hello to everybody. Who's trying to pit me against Anna sale. It's beautiful Anonymous one hour one phone call. No names No Holds Barred.
I'd rather know what hi everybody.
Welcome. Come to beautiful and honest Chris gethard here. We have an episode coming up today that I am delighted by it tickled by and creates an outright theme on the show revisits an old flame from the new angle in a way that is really quite funny and interesting and I think you'll like it before we get into that.
Do you want to send to anybody who came out to my shows and buffalo in Detroit? Thanks for coming problem. I see check it out and I leave my big tour starts over the weekend. So if you're in Woodstock Asbury Park, Baltimore Richmond are still tickets left for that some of those shows are so now I think the Late Show in Chicago still has a couple tickets as well and thanks to everybody for supporting me. Genuinely just straight up. Thanks.
It's really nice to you a few weeks back months back at this point. We heard from a caller really sort of terrifying call. She had been attacked by a rabid raccoon, and it was pretty gripping and Grim stuff and I'll tell you we always try to represent different perspectives and points of view on this show. She always had a point of pride in that feel like there's maybe a lot of perspectives where the first time many of us get to hear people Express them in their own words is on the show. I'm proud of it and we have someone who's very Pro raccoon calling in to offer the other side of the human raccoon experience.
This is someone who I don't know what else to say. I know I'm giggling but it's just someone who really likes raccoons. This is a call from someone who really gets along with raccoon. That's we always try to provide a clear forum and Counterpoint for for any dissenting opinions and we heard from someone who had a bad experience with a tycoons.
And now we hear from somebody who has good experiences with raccoons making this perhaps one of the most raccoon heavy podcasts in the world. We also get into some philosophical stuff. We hear a lot about New York City some of the myths about New York City the intimidation of moving here and we hear the call are some specific views. About sexual expression that are kind of fascinating tangent over although it's this is the person who likes raccoons. That's how I remember this one. Enjoy the call.
Thank you for calling beautiful Anonymous a beeping noise will indicate when you are on the show with the host.
Hello. Hello.
Oh my gosh, this is Chris is just that easy, huh?
Nice touch now. I'm very fascinated because you said it's easy. It's just that easy which makes everybody listening feel like you had an easy time. But my understanding is that you've left three voicemails.
We just never expected to talk to another human being.
Yeah. No, it's just yeah when you leave a voicemail II the phone rings and then I'm just here and I had great. Yeah. Yeah, but thank you. We had voice mails. I know Jarrod has said he's excited for you and I to link up. I know nothing about what you said. Okay, good.
Yeah, because I got some good stuff. I've been dying to talk to you ever since I really listened to the first episode. I'm one of the listeners that found you the This American Life so much and yeah, and I heard about the Ron Paul episode, right? So I think that's the one that he changed and my Husband was also delivered by Ron Paul.
Really? Yeah, look at that. Your husband is another one of Ron Paul's babies.
Yes. So immediately I was like, oh this is so neat. You know, I have something in common with them and I listen to everybody as everyone said just just absolutely love it because I have the ability to you know to listen sometimes at work while I do some menial tasks and I just I just fell in love with with the podcast and then of course follow you as well.
So thank you for putting it out there. It's awesome. But the real reason I needed to leave a voicemail this last time. Well, first of all, I don't do any social media. So that was the only way to get a hold of you or I would have tried definitely every you know to listen to your tweeting. Is that what they call it? Because I don't know anything about that but I listened to the episode about the rabid raccoon.
Uh-huh, and I have a different perspective. I own a pet raccoon. Come on. My baby, he is my baby mon you own a raccoon.
Come on, you can't really the key there. They're wild animals.
I know I've actually owned to this is my second. Yeah, and so I thought well give your listeners and different perspective. But of course I was so grateful for all the information in the rabid raccoon episode because now I know what sound to look for, you know, if mine is sick now I got a couple questions one.
Is it legal to own a raccoon?
And some states it is currently where I am. It is not so I am doing something illegal.
You have an illegal raccoon.
Yes, given that the other option was to let it die and that just felt wrong to so you rescued it. Yes, I would never just go pick one out of the wild. It's kind of a cool story. It was it started last year in May because babies are born around april/may timeframe and my husband where he worked. He worked on large equipment and they Brought it up some equipment and Mama raccoon with all her babies comes running out of the exhaust pipe, you know, because she had made her little hole in there and she jobs one of the babies and he falls into some grading, you know that they have to walk over on this big piece of machinery and my husband's sister sucker for Animals. He just has a huge heart for them and he couldn't bear that little animal to die down there. So he found a way to rig the way to get him out of that gravy and then they they put it near by for the next five hours hoping the mom would come back for it.
It and she didn't knew that that little tiny thing would be you know, my palm size of the palm of your hand, you know, and he knew that it would just be obeyed by morning. So so I brought it home to us and I was at first like you you are a crazy man. What are we gonna do with this thing? No, he says, I don't know what to tell you all might want to see one, you know, they won't, you know do something with it. I'll know find somebody who can take it and then I fell in love and then we had to name it of course and then Then he became the only animal we have ever owned that preferred me.
I mean it just he just did probably because I said it the most with a bottle now, what did you name the raccoon? We named him Hamilton and you'll love this because you're from New York at the time my youngest daughter could not get enough of Hamilton. If we were in the car. That's what we were listening to that broadly play was her favorite thing and literally the week.
That this Raccoon came into our lives. We had just gone to see Hamilton on his touring and our closest big city, and it was so it just made sense that we named him Hamilton. And of course he went by hammy most of the time and so that was in May and by September we moved to a to a whole new whole new town about 30 minutes away and a new bigger house a new area and and and I don't cage them by any means hammy was free to live outside.
You're our house hunt even big enough and he came in at night took a bottle played with us and went back outside some nights. I fell asleep with him in my bed.
And what yes. Oh, yeah you sleep with a raccoon in your busy still he sleeps between you and your husband.
My husband didn't like it because he would fall asleep with me sometime around 9:00 or 10:00 at night, you know, I laid down with him and we think of lemonade crash and somewhere around 1:00 or 2:00 in the morning. He wanted to play he mean my friends kept telling me. I'm sorry. I was gay. My name is that and my friends kept telling me you're trying to make a nocturnal animal not nocturnal and I said I know but it's worth it. I'm going to keep giving it a try and somewhere around 1:00 or 2:00 in the morning. He was you know, waking us up one to play and we would put him outside for the rest of the evening, you know till we get up in the morning and he was great though. And I really don't know what would have happened with him. I really don't know if he just got horny or if he got really scared about the move that around.
September timeframe he disappeared and never came back. What? Yeah, that was last year last May to September Hamilton just disappeared. It just disappeared. He did. I think I'm pretty sure he found girl.
You think he link links back up with other raccoons.
Well, I'm sure I mean obviously that I don't want to believe he's dead.
That's nice.
Yeah, that's like a movie that's like there's movies like that right where animals are with humans and they need to go be free.
If you like that to Trump and the best possible outcome.
It really is and it was probably good for me too. Because people who have talked to who raised them before to said after a couple years, I do get me I mean, it can't really take the wild out of them. But you know, they just stopped. It's not being nice for according to them and then they just kind of don't want you anymore. You know, they kind of just kind of wing themselves. So this year fast forward here it is. I'm heartbroken because you know, my raccoon is gone in the meantime. My family is trying to make me feel better. You know, they bought me a raccoon necklace.
My girls bought me a picture from Hobby Lobby of a family of four raccoons, since we're a family of four and it hangs in our den and and and I'm just thinking you know that A great little cell of the one animal that actually prepared me in the family and because he was he was sweet to me, but he was he was a tyrant to the rest of the family and he wanted to play and yeah attack my daughter's Buns on the top of their head and that kind of thing and you were okay with that you had a cut a raccoon and coddled you but would attack your daughter's heads and that was a fair trade for you.
I knew it wasn't rabbit. I mean, I knew that so what he just like wait on the steps for them to walk by and launched himself at their heads. Oh gosh. No. No, we was when they're sitting on the couch and he would run across the top of the couch like it was it was what was a playground, you know, so wait.
I just want to really just in my head. You got two daughters. You have two daughters did family. Yeah. So your two daughters your two beautiful daughters sitting on the couch. They've been at school they've done their homework so that it's like okay you can watch some TV you ate your dinner. You did the dishes done your homework.
So they get to turn on Netflix and they're sitting there like regular kid. And then a raccoon Sprint's out leaps onto the back of the couch and starts what clawing or biting at the the hair buns on top of a beautiful little heads.
He would kind of wrap his arms legs around their head and put the bun in his mouth and kind of shake it like it was a you know, like a like a like prey I guess so he would approach them Predator style. You know, he was coming. There was no there was no creep to it, you know and would your daughters giggle because that was their pet Hemi the raccoon or would they be screaming in Terror that a raccoon was attacking their head the more they squealed the happier. He was you know, you could learn to just grab him and put him on your lap, you know and give him a toy or something too distracted. They would have been fine. But my youngest daughter was very good at squealing, you know, every time like it took hold and you know, that would make you want to do it more and we would have to usually go rescue her from him.
You you you you would feed him with a bottle at he had toys he Love the bottle hammy would lay on his back and take a bottle and holding himself.
So I eventually I never had to hold it. He just you know, they have some that's what makes them amazing pet. They have thumb and so he would hold his own bottle in my lap and he would take it and it was you know, look at y'all sweet like him like an actual baby. It was just and it didn't matter how big he got he always loved his bottle and was it milk.
Was it milk in the bottle?
Yes. Yes, and I realize now it really gives them the runs. It was not the right thing to feed him, but it's what he liked and And his other things that thing was great and lunch meat and cheese. He angry cat food cat loves grapes.
What kind of cheese three types of cheese? He liked better than other types of cheese shredded Mexican blend.
That's good. Now you give him milk and the milk would give him diarrhea and he would sleep in your bed with you.
Yeah, but he eventually them astray. He was trying to a puppy.
He would he could treat he could focus on the puppy pet. So he just go and he'd do his diary on that many get back in bed when he was done.
Well, maybe I don't know. I don't know when it happened overnight.
Oh my goodness. Now we googled Hobby Lobby raccoons something along those lines. I don't know exactly what Frazier use. Is it a picture where there's a dad raccoon wearing glasses and then a boy raccoon with a bow tie. Yes. So apparently Harry Nelson of anyone out there listening wants to search his Harry Nelson found it very quickly by Googling the words Hobby Lobby raccoon family.
Yes, Hobby Lobby raccoon family and you can find it comes up as raccoon would want. Oh, no, it doesn't it's something different. Let's see where it comes. You can find it. You can find it is glass. Yes. It's right there on the image search. The dad has red glasses. The mom has flowers in her hair. The sun is a bowtie daughter all such flowers under now.
Of course, my daughter's yeah, I have two daughters. And so they're so sweet. They went they effort they went to the other section of Hobby Lobby and they got some more flowers that resembles a mommy, you know flowers and they spoke about on top of the the the little raccoon with the Bowtie so it became a girl so they converted it.
They converted the boys and girl for my Christmas this copy Lobby raccoon image does sort of play to the traditional gender roles that he has invested a a Adjusted that they adjusted that they went they went the long way.
I mean, they knew they knew what I would just love for Christmas I'd say they did well of my favorites I'll never it's right over our TV every single night.
I look at it. Now. It's oh, oh, yeah, that was handy though.
That was hand me this year this may that wasn't even the current raccoon.
That wasn't the most recent.
Okay.
How did you get another raccoon?
So my co-workers of course got to hear about see videos watch. You know go nuts over hammy all the time that one year later. My co-workers husband happened to be at the construction site. And in the caliche parking lot. There was a baby raccoon under someone's vehicle. And this one had matted eyes were green goose poop and was do really in bad shape and and she says in her husband you must already so, you know, she got the call and they said you wanted of course I do believe and so I've had this One his name is Jack and I've had him since since May and I still have him now.
So and he was a baby as well when you found him. Oh, yes. Definitely. I would never go, you know still one but it had nobody. I mean it was in a very hot Khaleesi parking lot underneath them on vehicles kind of get run over and I'm pretty sure I mean, I don't know much about Wildlife accept the Imam of probably thought it was sick, you know, or you know, or couldn't see, you know, couldn't take care of itself very well.
And so we worked really hard on getting those it's Three days to get his eyes open, you know getting all the goop out and you said he's been healthy and good ever since so you did you nurse them back to health? Yes, and and again, he loves me more than anybody else this one even more so I can't walk out of the room without him following me if I take a bath he is on the side of the tub, you know, you bathe you bathe with a wild animal perched up the side of the tub.
Yes, but he's a he doesn't he? Forget he's wild. He's he's been mostly little babies and they want I was up at 4:30 every morning watching The Facts of Life giving him a bottle before I got ready for work. And we bonded if you drop the soap and it slips out of the tub.
Does he run over with his little thumbs and grab it and hand it back to you know, our soap has permanent claw holes in it because when we're not in the tub, he loves to play in there and he'll get some soap down.
Yes your soap.
It has claw holes in it from the wild animals that have overrun your house willingly Wendy.
Say it like that. It makes me seem really really nasty. But no, you're the best.
He's like family. You're the best you have the best energy. So one of our prior callers talked about living her actual nightmare where she was attacked by a raccoon and you heard it and said, well I have to talk about the dream that I'm living. Yeah, which is that raccoons as a species have decided that I am their friend.
Yes. Yes, and I don't have any I don't agree me. I'm not like delusional and the fact that he's going to be this way forever. I realize he's wild that I have to be cautious that I have to you know, watch for signs of rabies, of course because I know that would change his demeanor drastically, but currently he's timid you scared of loud sounds he's you know, he's he likes to play don't get me wrong. My husband is his playmate and they wrestle all night long today and he'll you know, and he'll get to where he's inviting hard, but he never draws blood.
Now it says he has been can you know get firm with him and you know, he'll stop and then I literally did you not if my husband gets firm with him like pop them on the nose or pool, you know, you're getting too hard rough. Tell Lily walk over to me and just kind of claw my little calf and you know get my attention like he's like, he's paddling on that now the coolest thing ever and does Jack go outside as well.
Yes absolutely have never caged him. He so when we leave the house at 6:00 in the morning, we put him outside with some food and when we come home in the evening, it depends which tree he might be in but he'll be way high up in a tree and we'll call his name and he'll come down and lately he's been on the roof and he can jump off the roof and onto our covered back porch, which is a corrugated kind of top and it's just tall enough for us to reach him and he'll jump into your arms from the so he goes and on adventures during the so he'll go and do raccoon thinks I'll climb trees and does he ever Tip over a garbage can or like try to go down to a drainage pipe or something.
Yeah your ideas if we have him if we're doing yard work in the front yard. He'll sometimes disappear into the Culvert that runs underneath the street and he comes back. There's no telling what he does all day. He he'll he'll like to get in our trash inside the house. If we let him, you know mean he'll be interested in the sales or whatever is in there. But you know we can We have like a like a like when you're training a puppy and I kind of like no, that's a no and you can take them off and he goes and gets distracted with something else.
He's got plenty to eat and this one is totally different than hand me though. He doesn't like gray go figure.
Wow controversial likes.
Moms on what are you get enough and and Captain Crunch Captain Crunch is all times day.
He eats Captain Crunch like with his hands or a spoon from a bowl because you seem like you might be you seem like you might have the magical ability to train a raccoon to sit upright need cereal with a spoon.
That would be the dream if I could be a stay-home raccoon, Mom. I would have him doing all sorts of things. I'm sure but I'm not with him much during the day just at night and on the weekends, but yeah, he was hands grab that uh, Captain Crunch. He really likes his B6. I'm going to shoe, you know, He eats them out of a shoe.
Hmm everything about this call has been weird.
I'm sorry every specific.
No do not apologize. It's by far one of my favorite conversations I've ever had but every detail you slip in astounds me more than less. So he takes us Captain Crunch. He runs over he Hoards them in a shoe and then he just returns to the shoe and eats them one-by-one throughout the day.
No, I typically put them in the shoe and let him know that's where it is. God know if he's course. Around a little bit longer and really enjoy eating it and I can go in the other room and maybe fold some clothes without him running. Yes, if he goes everywhere I go that was very dumb of me.
Of course. I should have assumed that you were the one filling a shoe with Captain Crunch. That was my bad.
Sorry about that. Now, I think creative.
Have you ever thought about buying him a boat? I like the Hobby Lobby fixture.
He does have a t-shirt she does. The T-shirt no, and the best part is is I have a picture of hammy and the t-shirt and Jack in the T-shirt you put a t-shirt.
He wears a t-shirt.
Yeah, I don't like it. I mean he you know, it makes them it makes me feel weird as a hard time walking but we posed for pictures in it.
He has a t-shirt with an image of himself and the other raccoon that once slept in your bed.
No, I have a picture of hammy wearing that shirt and Jack wearing that shirt. I got it from Petco. It's a dog shirt. It's red stripes. And it says handsome Jews on the back of it.
Yes.
Let's pause the show everybody what a cliffhanger stick around and we'll all find out together why the new raccoon is named Jack check these things out. It really helps the show. When you listen to these ads use the promo codes. We'll be right back.
Working out is hard. We all know that and bomba socks. I'm not gonna say they can change that but they can certainly make working out more comfortable. If your resolution is to get fit this year start by getting socks that can keep up every step of the way. I tell you I have gotten myself a bunch of socks that are specific for basketball and it makes a difference. I'm out there running around and they are legitimately more comfortable and I'll tell you what to pee. Play basketball or people make style, you know, everybody's always checking out each other's gear. I've gotten consistent compliments where people were like, oh those Red Sox dude, like these tough basketball alpha male types consistently given dap to my socks tapping me up on my socks.
And I love that. They give away free pairs of socks to people in need. I think that's super cool. But I'm just makes a variety of performance socks designed for everything from running hiking cycling tennis. And yes basketball plus a lot more bombas are designed with Left Right contouring and a why stitched heel so they stay perfectly in place and they've gotten rid of that annoying toe seem. Oh wait the toasty and for every pair you buy bombas donates a pair to someone in need. Like I said, that is a noble thing that I support Go to bombas. Com stories today get 20% off your first purchase. That's Bo MBA s. Com stories for 20% off bombas. Com / stories.
With joy bird your personal one-of-a-kind style should match your furniture bring your mood boards to life with hundreds of customizable pieces and over 50 Fabric and leather options Three Shades of wood and over 250 unique Silhouettes from Joy bird fabric Swatch kits allow you to see and touch all of their Fabrics to find the perfect choice tell you what I am moving to a house instead of an apartment going out. Got ourselves a joy bird couch, and I'll tell you why it's not because they're an advertiser's because they're a good company. My wife loves their stuff said we gotta have this as the centerpiece of our living room Joy bird. It's no joke each piece is made with Ultimate Care and precision using real wood and responsibly sourced materials that all those harmful chemicals create furniture that matches your own Fearless style at Joy bird. Com, / beautiful 25, see how Joy bird can help make your dream space. Reality today at Joy bird. Com beautiful 25 go to Joy bird. Com beautiful 25 receive an exclusive offer for 25% off your first order by using the code, beautiful 25.
Thanks to everybody who advertises on the show now stunning conclusion. Why is the raccoon named Jack?
You know what you want to know why we named him Jeff. Yes. Okay. So a year goes by my daughter is not as into Hamilton anymore as she is into newsy news.
He's a throwback. Where did they redo Newsies since my youth?
I have no idea. The closest I could do was take her to a community theater production of news. Not too long ago and they did a great job too. But I can't believe they did the Broadway choreography but good for them. Yeah, she is but she's loving the Newsies and so Jack Kelly is of course the main character and so she comes up with Jack because that's her new favorite and that's not me.
I like Hamilton. I'm not sure if I'm all into Newsies and yeah, this is going to be my pet. So then I got to thinking okay. I have a favorite Jack. My favorite Jack is Jack Pearson from This Is Us right? Right awesome. Awesome character.
I put that she's great. I gotta watch that show.
I don't get you and then my oldest daughter's favorite Jack is Jack Dawson from Titanic, but that works and my husband's favorite Jack, of course is Jack Tripper phrase company.
This call is insane in the best possible way. Now, you don't have Instagram. You understand that if you It you'd have you your raccoon would be world famous.
I'm not the only one doing this my daughters have definitely proven that to me because they go out there and find all the key to attracting videos and show me on a regular basis. So yeah, there's lots of people doing this and yeah, I don't think I'm all that special but yeah sure. I mean I have a I have a I love social media like loaded like that's another thing. I'd love to talk to you about because I know I'm I'm the minority, but I hate it with a passion.
I don't even know if you're a minor. I will tell you that are you are you outside? Are you outside right now?
I am walking through a cemetery. Is there a lot of bad course you are.
Of course you are. Yes, there's a number of its there's a number of ghosts and spirits that we can hear haunting you as you know, there's a bit of wind and Jared and Harry have a maybe you could like crouched behind a tombstone or something like that. It's not for me.
Better while I walk but I don't have me to sit in my car. It had don't want the sound to be bad at all.
Yeah, Jared typed a while ago can can she go somewhere less windy and then it was just typed in even Harry said it needs to stop. It hasn't bothered me though. The I don't know why Jared and Harry are in such a foul mood right now, but so impressed by The Producers.
I mean how they understand that how they thank you guys for making it sound. So amazing through my headphones.
I mean seriously because you keep it it I tell you You what they and that's I think this is fair to say. I'm not Harry you have more legit. That's Jared is a wizard. Jared is an absolute Wizard and I'll tell you what just to give since the came up to give Jared real props. We I just did a live taping out in Washington state and Jared couldn't come with me and I was very nervous about that and he gate we hired a local guy named Sean Fox. He was really really awesome really good that sound check took two hours to figure out how to run our system and Geritol.
Into these venues and it takes like 10 minutes and that's no slam on anyone else. It's just that Jared is like an actual wizard with this show in the the show would not be what it is without him and Harry of course as well, but nobody's quite sure when Harry does well, whatever they're doing keep doing it if we're now since we talked about Jared anyway, he told me because we usually with the voicemail cause we don't even mention that they were voicemails because it's just a little more organic and the listeners I think.
You know, they don't a lot of times don't even realize it's just the same experience either way, but Jared did say that one of your voicemails Charmed him to a degree that he's hoping we can play it right now. I have not heard this before. He said there's something about it. He likes and he was hoping to play it. Is that okay with you?
I am an open book. He just said, I don't know if charms the right word. But okay, he's gonna something about this. He wanted me to hear while you are on the line.
I really need to talk to you. I really do I really think that I have an interesting story. Number one. You have to call me because I refused to participate in social media and we can talk about that see but I don't know when you're cleaning or whatever. It is that's called because I'm not on social media.
I also want to talk to you because I think you would have a really good unbiased view of the way. I have some Hang-Ups about society and sex. I mean I got some real Hangouts here people thinking I'm I'm weird, but I want to talk to you about it. See what you think. If I can't talk to you about it. I might I might just call Anna sale at Death Sex and Money and see if she'll talk to me because you and your wife.
So we got a lot to talk about Chris. Please call me.
Let's see. You're gonna go ahead you're gonna you're gonna you're gonna threaten me that if I don't get the scoop on this one, you're going to go to old and a sale in Mind Games. You're playing some mind game.
My obsession of respects the society has somewhat subsided sensor.
So obviously I was very passionate at the time.
Yeah, what is that? Human you are you are something else. Do you get this a lot do people know day-to-day that you're full of of all this spit and vinegar. Yeah, I get told quite often.
I need to slow down and chill out.
No, you do not don't listen to anybody who says that lead the charge your fascinating.
Thank you. Thank you. Well, but I yes, I'm happy to go there. I Because you have this well, I'll preface it with this. I was such an avid listener of your podcast for so long and then I felt like there for a while. I really could not handle some of the colors like I couldn't finish them. You know, I mean because their view of casual sex is so open.
Okay, and it made a you know, it makes me literally nauseous when I think about that, but of course everything that we feel or think is a product of our experience. So my it is I've been monogamous my whole life married to my high school sweetheart since the age of 14 and and it took a dark turn and now it's come around and there was infidelity. There was alcoholism there was so much wrong with our marriage and we are 12-steppers who have completely found a new way of living and it's just so exciting and so good but I still watch the world.
But is this way I watch the real debating who everybody gets the love right? But in my mind, it's not so much who you're loving that the problem, but how many? Any does that make sense that causes more problems?
I'm going to be honest with you know, you have to explain I do it doesn't make sense to me yet. You're saying that the problem with the world is not who people are loving but how many people so the promiscuity you don't have people are lat in your mind. You're not close-minded people can love who they want to love.
Yes, as long as they're trying to focus in on one person at a time or just in general for me for My experience and what I want for my daughters and it's so hard for them to see my point of view with the world the way it is is that I'm trying to put down some religious rule on anybody.
I'm just saying that that's monogamy makes you feel cherished and sacred and you can have this amazing relationship with one person and sex makes it 10 million times better, but it's the Heartbreak comes. Never people, you know mean jump into it too quickly into the physical they call it love, you know, and then it breaks their heart and then before you know it they're just giving it away. So often that it has become, you know, meaningless.
I don't know I would love to ask you you are married now with child.
I'm so excited you had a kid, so, you know don't I mean, what do you be cool?
I mean listen, of course, I'm monogamous monogamous with my wife. We also got married when I was 34 35. Hmm, and I lived I lived many lives before that. I don't I don't think I don't think my wife want would I don't think I need to go through my entire sexual history, but I've had long monogamous. I've had long monogamous relationships before her. I've also had some stretch As where I was a little bit of a man about town and if we're going to talk about your daughter moving to New York City. I was I will also tell you right away the culture of New York City does not jibe. So well with your dedication of to meet someone when you're 14 and stick with them forever, that's not a very New York City attitude.
I gotta wrap my head around it and not let it get to me because it is the way the world is I see more the same thing goes with the plumbing problem in the country, you know, so many find it acceptable, but I have Countered women who are destroyed by it when they're with their husbands, you know lutely. Yeah, and so my perspective just becomes can we just slow down a little bit?
What is there something beautiful about that? I also think and I get the sense to that.
I feel I guess I would just feel like everybody walks their own path and that whatever path you have to walk to wind up with a healthy life and a healthy perspective on relationships and sex the one that you should walk but I don't disagree that because I don't want to make you nauseous by any means and I want to make you nauseous at all, but I will say that I certainly have thought about how my dad's generation like if they found a Playboy that was a huge deal.
and the types of things that I grew up seeing in the early days of the internet, we're beyond that and the things that any kid any curious kid can access now are are you can I mean you can you can go down rabbit holes to stuff that's of the most extreme and being being experiencing that when you're just figuring out what sexuality is and certainly I can see how my guess would be that there are our psychiatric professionals who Who spend a lot of their you know who can make their specialty sorting that out for people I would have to imagine so I don't disagree on that.
Yeah. Yeah, and as a mother of two girls, you know it I can't hold on to hope that they're going to marry a man who's not to have spent many hours looking at other naked women. That's just the truth of today and it makes me sad that's all.
Well, I think if the guy's only looked at naked women then they're probably that's probably very close to That's probably one of the healthier ones. I worry I worry I think a lot about how there there's pornography out there that when you are when you are older and you come to learn what sex actually is in the experience of it.
A lot of the representations of it are just are not real. They're just they're just that it's like it's people having sex that that is like it's not what your average relationship sex looks and feels like and that that is worrisome that people sort of will treat each other in this. Cartoonish way or objectify each other with that being what they think it's supposed to be and that's that is a thing I worry about but I will say that I again I'm not trying to make you nauseous. But to me I was just to get I don't think I've talked about this on the show. I was in a relationship for most of my 20s into my 30s with the same person and it didn't work out and that was very difficult and I hope it Because she was teaching you something and the two of you guys felt connected, you know, physically and emotionally even during the time you were together, you know as opposed to spending all that time.
Just chasing somebody hook up that right what we call this is what they call it a hook up.
Yes. That is the terminology these days but I will say that there were stretches where I was trying to I was trying to make this relationship work for the sake of the fact that we were in it for so long and we should stick with it. And I don't think that that was fair to her or me. I think there were times in that relationship where I had real concerns or hurt feelings that I wasn't expressing because I felt like it was so important to make it work and at the end of the day it wasn't and I'll also tell you this coming out of that relationship. There was a stretch of my life where I did explore things on a more casual basis and I think that that ultimately has made my relationship with my wife stronger because I think I had to be out there in the world and Hence the world to kind of come away from some of the confusion and hurt coming out of that relationship falling apart to really figure out who I was and what I wanted and for some people that's going to be the path they walk I can relate to that someday because I've often wished that that I had had some years of promiscuity so that I could relate to other people really cuz I come across as judgmental just because it's not my experience and of course I stuck through it.
I mean don't food some crap really and learn so much about myself and how crappy I was to live with and I'm so grateful that it was my it was my vows and my determination being at this is going to work because I wouldn't miss out on what we have today, right?
You wouldn't have wound up with this life where there's creatures from the forest rampaging through your house.
We have a cool out on them feeling, you know, it sounds so if I may be so bold since you brought it up the sense I'm getting just from your philosophy on life is when you mention some infidelity it I do not get the sense that that's a road. You went down. I might be wrong but no, no, you're right.
I was being I was there. I was betrayed very sorry that that comes with alcoholism. It's you know, it's there in those kind of a pair here. I mean when people become impaired they they do things I regret but my husband's my hero. I mean I am madly in love with him. Are you like madly in love with your wife? You know what I'm talking about?
He's the best. She's the best. I tell her every day and we have fights and we have arguments just like anybody else but every day when I wake up and when I go to bed, I'm aware that I have an incredibly lucky life. And I also know that my wife. I also know that my wife has my back harder than anyone's ever had my back and she would she would put her fist through somebody if they hurt me I know right?
That's a good feeling to know that you have someone like that in. Yeah, and of course it looks down it looks very dreary for me for me two years, you know about the about 10 years into marriage, you know mean it was it was like me and I'm looking at divorce my only option and but someone encouraged me to go to Al-Anon. Have you ever heard about On alanine.
Yeah, I my understanding is that that is a support group not for people who suffer from alcoholism, but who have loved one in loved ones in their lives who do to help kind of navigate some of the wreckage that that can leave behind and you're ugly and they were such a godsend and they know they tell me why don't you just, you know, give it a year see how you feel then, you know, and why don't you try working these 12 steps were talking about in this meeting and get you a sponsor and And whenever you get frustrated with him won't you call her you said taking it out on him and let's just see if we can reframe your whole situation for you because we read before every meeting that you know are thinking becomes distorted by trying to force solution.
We become irritable and unreasonable. You know, we'd be become real bitches whether her mom was an addict son or daughter or whatever or you know spouses or you know, you name it and and it makes it really hard. For someone who's being guilted, you know and Enterprise on a daily basis to stop what they cannot stop on their own literally willpower has nothing to do with it or else there'd be no such word as addition right if willpower worked, but it doesn't and so once I realized that my husband was suffering from a mental illness with a spiritual remedy.
I took my hands off and let nature take its course, you know, let things happen as they played out and without giving them. Nine years later. We are starting to feel the The Unbelievable relief are ugly story than the testimony of other people we go speak at a rehab twice a month and and our story is no longer something we're ashamed of it's something that we use, you know to make other people feel hopeful and it's it's been the best Journey but it took a long time to get here, you know, and they're like If I just worry that our casual view of sex and marriage and you know, all that is going to cause people to miss out on some really good things when you work things through with with the one you love.
No, I want to ask a question.
I feel like if you are in a relationship where the person you're in it with.
Has a situation involving infidelity that a lot of people's concern might be. Am I gonna am I ever going to be able to really forget that that happened? Am I gonna feel disrespected deep down on some level and it sounds like you aren't hanging onto that. You said your husband is your hero? Anyone pause because I you know, I bet there's a lot of people out there who have dealt with something similar when yeah, how did she know?
That's our that's difficult when you hear how she pulled it off be right back.
Even if you're out there trying to do the right thing eat kale salads drink smoothies that you're preparing all the ingredients yourself. I'm telling you. We all know it's still likely that you're not getting all the essential nutrients. You need on a daily basis enter ritual the obsessively researched vitamin for women ritual makes it so easy ritual really makes it easy for you to get everything you need in one place.
My wife has used ritual. He's very fond of it. I think the way that they approach everything makes sense. They're taking a lot of the stress. You don't you don't have to go and think about okay, I got to go in the internet research every single thing now, I gotta go to the store and see if I can track down all the versions of those things know they do all that for you rituals Essentials have the nutrients most of us. Don't get enough of from food D3 omega-3. So many more all of these things in their clean absorbable forms. There's no Shady additives. There's no weird ingredients that you never even heard of of that do more harm than good to your body Better Health doesn't happen overnight. And right now ritual is offering my listeners 10% off during your first three months fill in the gaps in your diet with essential for women a small step that helps support a healthy foundation for your body visit ritual. Com stories to start your ritual today.
That's 10% off doing it first three months at ritual. Com / stories.
Thanks again to everybody who advertised on this show and helps us bring it to the world. Now. Let's finish off this conversation.
Am I gonna am I ever going to be able to really forget that that happened? Am I gonna feel disrespected deep down on some level and it sounds like you aren't hanging onto that. You said your husband is your hero. Yeah.
I've done the I've done the research. There's scientific back up to it to me when I was suffering from after finding out, you know, you know full disclosure. Everything was him really PTSD. We're talking, you know a song could trigger my I am perfect for the next two hours and my heart to race and you know, and just I was just in just in a terrible place and you know and sought therapy as well.
I've used EMDR liking her I can't discuss on your podcast which was wonderful to get those those episodes. Once they were once they were no longer a threat once he had removed his shame and changed his behavior and his at it. You know my God, he became so attended to me and and want that changed I had the Reason to distrust I had no reason to stay this way. So I had to go seek my own health and EMDR was very helpful as well as my 12-step support group.
Don't they were the most helpful but then I realized that it takes about a good two years, you know to get over something traumatizing and so he's got to wait. Yeah. It's okay wait and I trusted these people who told me that and what they have told me. He has been true and I'm feeling much better and and my husband He had to go get his own recovery with men with other man. You had to get accountable to other men who showed him how to do the next right thing.
No, I'm just be willing and I think first for the first year after after, you know finding out in those deciding we're going to recover from this. He sent me a love song by YouTube link, you know over text message every single day for I think I have 265 phone. On written down that isn't me it was like clockwork like clockwork. He never forgot me every day, you know, I mean that he was thinking about me and this is the song that made him think about me that day. It was it just didn't understand that me go and he's not giving up it was cool.
But at the same time, oh my gosh, I had become this religious tyrants in my household before, you know, it was after surviving and then there was some infidelity and and I don't blame him honestly for not knowing what to do and wanting out of our marriage because I I had to only think so too. I had become a religious zealot for sure because I thought you know if I found the recipe in the Bible to save us so many pains that you know that we could do it right and pray every night on our knees and you know, go to church every Sunday like clockwork and serve serve serve and that stuff wouldn't happen. But God was so gentle to come down on me and say Hey, you know, I'm not church that's two different things persons great, but I want you to be in relationship with me and I'll help you.
Through this and it was such a relief so really truly the infidelity kind of was a frying pan over my head. It helped me see I was neglecting my family to serve a church and it turns with my God I make sense.
It does so many layers to it.
Yeah, you're beautiful.
I never imagined when you and I were talking about a raccoon eating Captain Crunch out of a shoe that within mere minutes we'd get to how your relationship with a church affected your relationship with your family and how something as traumatic as infidelity was also I Putting and how you spent years putting all the puzzle pieces of that back together.
Yeah.
I don't want people to know it's possible and it's so good.
It's so good.
And you know, we only have an hour so we got a path forward, you know?
Yeah, we got I mean got 18 minutes left now, there's some people listening I will say who might hear, you know hearing that your expiry. I won't I've not a member of Al Anon I've never attended meetings but hearing that your experience with Al-Anon.
Maybe shined a spotlight on your faults and that your husband had to go join a men's group of some sort to sort of hasten their there might be some people hearing that who feel feel that those are concerning and not a fit for them in the sense that in 2019 the idea of like he had to go with men to solve it.
Might be a red flag for people in this era or some people might say the I definitely can't be sponsored by another woman that I would possibly lead to an emotional affair. Right right, of course. So, yeah specifically in the sphere of men who have experienced some infidelity with other women, they stick to groups with other men. So as to not given to any Temptation or to find maybe other people who are in a similar place which might encourage them to link up. Because that happens sometimes with groups I hear is that I hear that sometimes you'll join like a Narcotics Anonymous group and then if it doesn't work, you've now found other people in a network of drug users. So it's in some sense connected to that idea of you have to be very careful not to like me.
Yes. Yes.
I want pictures really want sobriety. They'll stay around and the ones who are going to drag you down will end up leaving. So you want it to stick around it'll work you'll find the winners in the booth. It's easy to tell who the winners are and used to put them to work. Once if you want to release its not perfect, you know by any means the 12 12 step programs are either made up of human beings that are flawed.
But if you do what is suggested, you know for instance step one is for me as well as him. I am powerless over alcohol. My life has become unmanageable and what that meant to me was I'm powerless over my husband's drinking and I need to like pay attention at work instead of obsessing over him. Right? Right. I think I have power over.
And so those were the first Concepts that I had to get down. But you know, I mean I have to have a life of my own, you know, we get so wrapped up in being someone's havior that it takes our lives away right that it almost creates this kind of crater that everybody's falling into hang exactly as described in our book. It's as if the whole family of holding the alcoholic up, you know over their heads and Rushing Water, you know, and somebody's got to let go what it is.
Well, what can I just say to you then you're giving so much credit to the different organizations that helped you and that's beautiful and I'm glad those organizations exist to help people. But I also just want to make sure I say on my end that one of the major pieces that That I hope you also take credit for is that you clearly have an immense amount of forgiveness in your heart and a dedication to your family that helped you and your husband get to a place where things are are healthier now and I think that you deserve a lot of that credit to outside of any Group Well, thank you.
Thank you so much. However, someone had to teach me that that's what I needed. This had to be willing.
I had to be willing, you know, didn't come natural That's History. That's for sure. But but but today, like I said, I'm just so blissfully happy and I'm so blown away that you had that.
I don't appreciate having an ASL held over my head and a cell is an incredible interviewer podcaster. She's someone I admire greatly and I don't appreciate being put in a position where you're trying to create some sort of a pissing contest between me and a cell from Death Sex and Money. She and I are friends. We've gotten lunch together.
Well, I'm so sorry awesome. I'm glad I told friends that makes me feel better. And I again I was using any type of necessary to get on the show you where I don't want to encourage.
I don't want people leaving voicemails going. Hey, I might if you don't want to talk to me, I might have to call up Jad album Rod. Try to get on Radio Lab instead get their food.
I don't I don't I don't want this to turn into a whole thing with a bunch of other podcasts. I might try to find that guy who did that Richard Simmons show. Dancer burski, right? Let's reverse key. I might have to get to burski involved.
Well, I'm perfectly average and that's why people that's why this show clicked because I made a perfectly average human being which actually works for this woman. Now, let's let's talk about New York City your daughter wants to move here. Oh, can I also say well Before we get into that too. I want to just say your experience your experience.
Clear it clearly explain explains your dedication to monogamy. And also why we've done some episodes with people who are proudly swingers or people who are talking about their their the era of their lives where they committed to sexual acts escapades and I can see why those were not for you and maybe you need to turn those off that makes sense.
Yes, so it's not in judgment. Anyway, it's just not my experience and seriously for my baby girl.
Yeah. You've been through some stuff you Through some stuff and that's not your life experience and maybe someone else's I feel like you maybe don't agree with this but my perspective someone else's life experience. Maybe that's what they need to figure things out and sort themselves out, but that's not for you and I respect that.
I knew I knew you would have the thing that reframes it for me.
I knew you would, you know some other other people maybe have been in you know relationships were they were severely manipulated and almost you know, you hear about some people who it's like. Oh, yeah. I was married to someone I realized they were actually kind of Holding me hostage. I can see why that person might need to go and just spend the Year to you know, sowing their Wild Oats to sort it out. But whatever makes you healthy everybody out there saying whatever makes you land in a place that's healthy and happy and stable where you feel safe and protected and loved in this world.
That's the path. You gotta walk in that path is different for all of us.
And you know, what's helping me actually kind of gained this perspective as well as my daughter's obsession with friend.
Now Prince, so your next raccoon will be named Phoebe. Your next raccoon will be Phoebe or Ross.
Chandler all your Chandler Bing. Maybe you can name them Bing. What about baby?
Yeah, you got him a little t-shirts and clean the goop out of his eyes. Let him climb a tree and bring it on a so your daughter wants to move to New York City. This is not a place that matches your morals. I will tell you right away.
I would agree with that, but we loved our visit I can tell you this and you know being from the south and I were working for some of the stereotypes but but listening to your podcast literally is what made me go.
Yes.
Years ago but wait, my oldest daughter was extremely to fashion and things like that. So, you know, I knew she'd be intrigued but my husband was another story but I think he was in such a place following, you know, the recovery workers are doing and he was kind of, you know, I'm willing to let you decide some things and you know, I want to make you happy. So I think that's probably the only reason he got on that plane and he was dreading it.
He was prepared for people to hear. His Southern drawl And give him shit, you know, I mean like he's not who is going to have to be defended himself at every corner. We were not expecting, you know to mean a new language on every corner.
Yeah. It's it's a place where everybody's doing their own thing. Nobody's worried about your Southern drawl. There's a every everybody wanna I'll go ahead and say this one of the most depressing things about New York, but also one of the most amazing and liberating things about, New York. No one gives a shit about you.
It's the best and worst thing about New York. You're free to be whoever you want to be. No one's going to really judge others every lifestyle and like you said you can walk from one end to you can walk from one corner to the next corner and here's six different accents or languages being spoken and it's beautiful it is it is and it's something we never encounter down here.
So it's you know, well, I'll take them back to our next biggest city is pretty Others but but knowing that my daughter, you know looks too that, you know that excitement, you know, and she fell in love with it and she wanted it but it's because she's creative as well. She knows that's where she will Thrive. I mean she could literally publish a novel today. She's such an amazing writer.
And so I know that that sin and of course I love for Broadway music and so many things that she just wants to be created. So I encouraged her to go wherever that has to be and I have to have to tell you one story whatever and you were because I'm not sure if we did the right thing or what we were supposed to do because we stayed across from Madison Square Garden, you know, and I Hotel my husband was a smoker at the time and we went downstairs early in the morning for him to have a cigarette on the street was it the pain was at the hotel, Pennsylvania?
Yes. Yes. It was. All right not I'm going to be honest not the finest accommodations in New York City. Yeah, but it's what we do, of course, of course and it's very Yet to Transit and many people find their many people say that yeah had no clue.
We were perfectly happy. I mean, you know, the bathtub will know get you back.
It's fine. It's a fine place. I'm not judging. I was wondering if that when you said we weren't sure if we did the right thing. I was wondering if the question was did we do the right thing picking the hotel Pennsylvania? It's a fine now, it's not defined place.
Don't get much better.
You know different person who lives on the street. Oh, thanks. All right, but he he walked directly across the street to us ask my husband for a cigarette which my husband gave him to listen cigarette and he laid down on the concrete and fell asleep with a lit cigarette in hand. Yeah.
Yeah, that's not surprising at all. Yeah. No, that's that wouldn't I would stop after 15 years of living in New York City? I would not blink twice he all right. Well, okay. Yeah, there's a few things one is that he may have been homeless or a street person on some level but one thing that is eye-opening about New York City is you know, sometimes you'll see like a church or an organization where they'll be people lined up because it's a soup kitchen or it's some place that gives Aid and a lot of these people are families and a lot of people who are working for a lot of people who have jobs where housing costs are just so high that that's something that's unattainable even with the job and You know one of the great misconceptions about New York that even New Yorkers have is the idea that all homeless people are crazy or all homeless people are visibly, you know, maybe a little ragtag to the naked eye. But in reality a lot of them are people who are just fighting a fight and a lot of people in New York Straight Up are crazy. He also may have just been tired. He may have just been like a straight-up like yo, I need a cigarette and he may have just been like a guy who had a long night and was still drunk.
From the night before hey, that's what I assumed but I love.
But they weren't cigarette in his hand which may be burning home within the next few minutes and I yeah, no we decided to let that wake him up instead of us.
Yeah. No, you did the right thing in New York. There's not one. There's not one person. I know who would walk over and be like this guy might burn himself. Let me help. No, no one in here everyone in the booth who isn't all the New Yorkers in the booth who heard that just I watched them all visibly guffaw at the idea that you would help someone else in need that in New York City would ever help someone else in need no way.
No way that can bite you in the ass. I one time was right that right near where you're staying but up on Eighth Avenue on the other side of Madison Square Garden right there and there was this guy who fell down face first on a subway grate in the middle of sidewalk and I was very young. I was probably 22 years old still lived in New Jersey and I called 9-1-1 and after I got off the phone with 9-1-1 the man jumped up pointed in my face and went ha ha ha.
Ha and then ran away and then minutes later. I walked away nine one one called me back and they were like, did you prank 9-1-1 and I'm like no, I I think a guy pranked me so I would prank my mom one.
That's what you get for helping people in New York City now but New York, I'm trying to kick you out if New Yorkers if New Yorkers You chase down every one in this town who has a scam or a scheme you spent at we'd all be marathon runners.
There's no what you gotta just let it go and move on New York.
You don't everything works the way it should wherever you are. Yeah.
Well New York moves fast. You don't you don't try to stop you don't chase down the scammer. You just learn how to get your guard up. So they can't even get access to you next time within a couple of years of living here. You see it coming a mile away and you learn how to just brush people off, which is again, I think makes you like, you know, there's the good side in New York where that makes you street smart and you have a thick skin and then there's the sad part of it which some sometimes you go other places and realize oh, you can have a little bit of a lack of humanity after too many years in the same.
But if your daughter if your daughter is Young and creative and driven and motivated. This is a magical town for people in that arrows their life. It's pure magic. I've had so many nights where I stayed out. Pursuing my creative dreams and linking up with people who have theirs and we wind up staying up all night.
And you feel like you're actually a part of a community and you feel like things are actually possible and that when that feeling hits you there's nothing like it to feel like the thing you want to do is actually Within Reach that's that's an amazing feeling and the other thing too is like it's not just comedians like I think in smaller cities and I don't judge them. There's a lot of great creative cities in this country in this world, but I think for some of the smaller cities it's like if you want to do comedy that means you're going to meet the other comedians. Yeah, but I mean some of my best friends are filmmakers and musicians and just the idea that there's this multiple creative communities and we can all support each other and lean on each other New York is amazing for that and I think the only advice your daughter needs as far Is actual game planning is you no, no no.
No, like I'm planning my exit strategy right now. I got a kid and I'm turning 40. I need to head to the suburbs. I need to head to the suburbs that area of my life was staying up late and being inspired is over. I know what I can do. I got to be realistic about that very far as the moral side of it. Yeah your Donner This city my friend does not play by your rules.
No way now.
Okay, that's another beautiful side effect of all the XS that are girls experience watching her bad their dad and I right now Graham overcomes and things is instilled in her a little bit a little bit. It seems like well, he dove into some symbolism concept, you know, I mean like, you know, maybe maybe men are you know, not so not so good and I can do all this on my own, you know.
Yeah.
Yeah, I think I think she is afraid. I don't know. I don't know. We'll see we'll see what kind of amazing at those people comes but but she's got a healthy guard up about who she was, you know near her body, you know, I mean and in her heart and all that kind of stuff so far. She says she's my other daughter is the one who believes in the in the love stories the fantasy of the fairy tale, right and and I think if she she pursues natural sign that to I don't I guess what I'm realizing is for both of my kids and for everybody in the world, you know, if you want it bad enough where it comes to relationships careers, whatever pursue it and and and don't lose sight. I mean I wanted because I mean obviously our experience changes everything my parents divorce was a huge factor in me. Just dying to make mine work, you know, I mean, whatever it took and so I guess what we're saying is you can Well on the note you just brought up what I was going to say.
Sometimes you meet sometimes you meet kids and you find out that their parents had flaws that really messed the kid up and then sometimes I think the strongest smartest people you meet are the ones who had parents who messed up where the kid learned and a lot of that is because the parents salvaged it and managed to make it something that had a positive effect instead of a negative and it sounds like you have worked. Your ass off to give that to your daughter's man.
They know everything and there, you know, there's just there's just no shame in our household anymore. No secret to me. That's the biggest part.
No secret. It's a beautiful thing. Now, we are at it. We are out of time. There's a question that's been in my mind for many minutes. Now the number of things we got to Between the raccoon talk and talk of your moral code and of New York City. We didn't even have time for me to stop and ask.
Why are you wandering through a cemetery right now?
Well, it had better signal than the park across the street.
Okay, you have a great warm in here. This was an all-time classic. I'm gonna go ahead and call it now is an all-time classic and I thank you for the call.
I thank you. Thank you so much for taking time with me. I love your show. Keep doing what you're doing.
Thanks so much. What a wonderful conversation.
Yes.
I cannot thank today's call her enough lovely conversation with your dad. I will remember it forever. I think I might go to Hobby Lobby and order order that painting for to hang up somewhere in this studio. I think I need to look at it every day as a reminder of the Whirlwind of a conversation call it thank you.
Thank you. Judge, Eric Connell. Thank you. Harry Nelson. I am not positive what you do, but you do it. Well, I want to thank our intern Jordan for all your work sorting out these voicemails and finding that one in particular. Thank you so much. They get she'll check for the music Chris get that common speaking find out where I'm going on the road. Maybe come hang out. Say hi.
If I'm in your town doing some snap you like the show rate review subscribe on Apple podcast helps a lot when you do Next time on beautiful Anonymous our callers dealing with a crazy past and drugs and jail and loss and so much when you get woken up at 6 a. M.
To put in cuffs. Give me the bullet points that day. Yep.
Well one thing I took away from it is the whole process is just one holding cell after another.
You know, I'm booked and fingerprinted DNA swab mug shot. I still can't find my mug shot. Online or anything. I really want to see what my mug shot looks here. You can hear many I would imagine my God.
I think I will avoid that picture, but you have a you have a morbid Fascination. You want to know what the expression on your face?
That's next time on beautiful and honest.
This guy has had some really bad luck lately but hes handling it as best as he can. Plus: epic dad stories involving: the mafia, drug busts & kidnappings. This episode is brought to you by Magoosh (www.magoosh.com code: BEAUTIFUL) and Brooklinen (www.brooklinen.com code: STORIES).
READ LESS
Hello to all my face off fans one hour one phone call. No names No Holds Barred.
I'd rather know everybody Chris gethard here.
Welcome to The phone animus I gotta say last week. We further extended the raccoon related controversies on the show and family says window and whipped into a frenzy but opinion some raccoons Union that raccoons becomes have such a strong presence on the show after all these years. I am glad it's happened that we've had multiple raccoon related calls.
Anyway, thanks to everybody who's been coming out to shows Buffalo was amazing Detroit was amazing. See who is at that live taping in Detroit. That was one of the best nights of my life performing wise one of the best nights I've ever had and I think a lot of people in that room felt great about that taping. I cannot wait for you guys to hear the live taping the Troy and thanks to everybody who's coming out to the shows. If you're listening to this episode that we could comes out. I think you should still be able to get tickets for Baltimore, Maryland and Richmond, Virginia, but they're going fast so jump on him.
Okay, this week's episode this caller, you know, I was so struck by this callers dealing with stuff in the past present and future this caller some stuff in his past that was not his fault that he has to deal with in a very fascinating way some stuff in his present there. I give him a lot of credit because he's going you know, I I see the parts where I have to take responsibility for this and then some stuff in the future that's very sad that we all have to deal with which is, you know, seeing family members at the end of their lives.
So it's a lot there's At five different things we point this out in the call. There's like five different topics. That could have been a whole call. This college does having stretch with some bad luck and stealing with it all but then of course in the way that always opens my eyes with this show, there's some laughs in there. There's some Humanity in there rolling with the punches the longer I do this show the more I have realized every single person I meet is rolling with their own punches.
And this caller I think is a yet another great reminder that that is the case. I hope you get something out of this one.
Thank you for calling beautiful Anonymous a beeping noise will indicate when you are on the show with the host. Just what's up? Chris is a good to talk to you man. How are you today?
How am I today? You know, I always like to answer honestly. I'll tell you feeling pretty good. I've been in my head the past couple weeks thinking hard about some certain choices. I have to make in my life professionally. But today I'm feeling pretty good, which makes me feel like maybe I've made some decisions that I'm happy with.
Sorry to be vague.
No. No, I know exactly what you're talking about. That's good feeling.
Yeah. One of those things where I was sitting on the fence about some stuff and I was like, you know what to most people this would be the logical choice, but the way I've always tried to operate I think I got it. I basically made a choice where I gave away a ton of money, but in my heart, I knew it was the right choice and I think I have to be okay with that because I try to put Integrity first.
Yeah. Yep, and exactly what you just said that that's that's the way we think about it. Yeah, you'll be fun.
Thanks, man. Thanks so much. How about you? How are you doing?
Well that yeah, I'm I'm pretty good. I always said if I got through I wouldn't make it one of those sad calls but been going through a little bit of a rough patch lately. My my mom isn't doing so well so send that.
Thank you know, yeah, it's okay. She's I moved away from home about four years ago. And you know, I come back every now and then for different things and I flew back last night to spend a few days with our tomorrow's her birthday, but things have really she started having some health problems in April. I want to say and I went back home in May for my grandfather's funeral and I saw her then and she was starting to look a little Bad, but things have really escalated in the last month or so and to the point where she has, you know nurses from hospice involved and they said, you know, it could be weeks. It could be months. But you know, it's not going to get better. She has the final stages of COPD lung failure from Mostly from the lifetime of smoking.
And yeah, it's been it's been a loaded kind of thing to deal with because she's you know had her issues for years, and I've always tried to hope ever get better, but I came to peace a long time ago with the fact that you know, you can never really Force anyone else to make any changes that they don't want to and you can only do so much and right now I'm just kind of trying to be in a place of love and support and spend as much time with her this weekend as I can and so yeah, I'll probably I might come back home again depending on how things are going in the next month or two, but otherwise, I might not come back again until you know, things are more final so Try and enjoy this weekend with her and stay on the positive side, and I'm going to see some really good friends. I haven't seen in a little while tonight. So that'll be good.
That's a rough year.
I'm really sorry that you're dealing with that. That's I think for a lot of us. I'm both of my parents are still with me, but it's it's always such a fear so I such a fear and then you know, you get to that but you've gotten to that point in your life we have to deal with that reality and it's something I have always had an extreme amount of anxiety about eventually dealing with I'm so sorry that you're dealing with it.
Thank you. Thank you. I think once I started to hear that, you know things were really going to be taking that, you know, drastic of a turn. I started all you know, obviously million thoughts run through your head and one of them for me was you know, I'm single no prospects of marriage probably on the horizon anytime soon, you know, no kids and so my I lost my dad. I was 17. So I immediately think about all those things of like well, you know, I guess she won't ever know why for kids if I ever you know, if I ever have them and at this point in May it was my last living grandparent that passed away and so, you know family is just a bunch of aunts and uncles and cousins at this point who I still love obviously and I'm close with but it's just yeah, it's weird thought. Thought I turned 31 this year and so it's like You know, I in many ways I still feel kind of younger than I am but things like this kind of I guess they're like benchmarks of like well, okay adult has really hitting, you know, and getting to the point where it's less less loved ones alive.
See ya.
You're an only child then.
I am technically I found out about a half sister a little bit later in life. So that was kind of crazy both my parents were married when they were really young but they were never married to each other and when my dad was about 21 him and his first wife got pregnant and they weren't really prepared for it and they ended up putting her up for adoption and Growing up. I think I was probably eight or nine when you first told me about her but it would always be just like something we would mention every few years because he didn't really know where she was like, yeah, you know, they have a sister out there somewhere. I think her name is this and then after he passed away, she contacted our family and yeah, I was 17 and she contacted us wrote a letter and introduced herself and I wrote her an email and didn't hear anything back and then about three years later.
I got a random message on Facebook and it was my first time. Seeing you know her face and it was weird because she didn't look like my dad. I guess she looks like her birth mom and we would talk every now and then and try to meet up but things were always kind of get in the way and long story short. I was about a year and a half ago. I was coming home for Christmas and she knows going to be home for a little while. And so she's like, okay. I'm going to drive down and we'll finally actually meet and so I've only met her once but since then we've stayed in contact and II love her like she's amazing. So it's always been a weird thing of like I identify as an only child, but now I do kind of have a sister and once I met her it was so awesome. Like, you know throwing all my friends pictures of my sister and how cool she is so a long answer but sort of sort of an only child fascinating a fascinating layer.
Is there are you close enough with her?
to lean on her in terms of everything that's happening now like Not to a little bit.
She lost her. She lost her birth. Mom. I don't remember how long ago but has you know, she's reached out and you know said that she can relate a little bit. She wanted to come down and spend some time with me this weekend, but it just ended up not working out because I had to book the flight so last minute but she's busy she's got a husband and two little boys. I still haven't met them yet, but they're really they're really cool.
So yeah, maybe you know, I mean, I'll definitely get to know them a little bit more in the future. So that's that is comforting to know that however long my mom has left. You know, I still do have my sister to lean on in the future and yeah.
Wow.
Yeah, that's what a fascinating connection to rebuild with your sister. So later in life and now due to some unfortunate, you know, very sad stuff. It's headed to a point where this rebuilt this rebuilt relationship is your immediate family. That's that's rare that's rare. You have a lot to wrap your head around this year my friend. That's a lot.
Oh you you have no idea brother. That's I don't even know if I could really get into it, but I had a little bit of a legal troubles in the last year and a half that have really made it a rough patch. No, I don't. Yeah, I don't know if I mean, it's I mean, it's Anonymous but just the fact that the whole case isn't fully settled yet. I don't know how much I could or not say but that involved.
L've a big misunderstanding with with multiple parties. And basically I was in a I was in a car accident. Went and there was a lot of other cars involved and it was really late at night and it was pouring rain and I was I was hit head-on and then lost sight of the person that hit me and other Witnesses and other cars involved were telling me to get out of the way and go because there was such a busy intersection and I tried to get information from the person but I Didn't even see their license plate or anything like that.
And so I went on because I wasn't hurt and then I tried to report it and the police didn't want to help me and they didn't want to make a report and they kind of talk to me a out of making a report and then like a month later. I get a phone call from my insurance and and they said hey, I think your vehicle was involved in a hit-and-run and I was like, yeah I did. You get the other person's information and they said no, I think you were the one that hit and ran.
And I was like no no, no, wait, wait. Wait, that's not how it happened. And I ended up just kind of being stupid and not getting any information from any of the other people that were involved because they were shooting the away from the scene and it ended up where it was a whole big mess. It was a couple months of Dealing with insurance companies and they got it all settled and they told me it was all good. And we worked it out and then a month after that I get contacted by the police and They had me come in for an interview.
And I was you know fully cooperating. I have never been in trouble with the law or anything like that. So I didn't really I guess I was a little naive but they told me okay will contact you once we know more you'll find something out and then I get woken up by like six like undercover dressed police officers at like 6:00 a. M. And they said that they had a warrant for me.
Me Yeah, dude. It was I was hyperventilating. I didn't know what they were talking about. I ended up getting cuffed in my driveway. My roommates were all there and I had to spend a day in jail only to find out that the reason they arrested me was because they said that they sent a letter but then they asked me about my address and they sent it to the wrong address. So I never knew that I was supposed to appear for an interview. So then they issued a warrant and that was why I was arrested. It had no bearing on anything of my situation other than they sent it to the wrong address.
So they had the right address when it was time to Cuff you up in front of everybody. They got the address right that time.
That's what that's what I said. I was like well obviously, you know where to find me. And so yeah that began a little bit of a distrust of my My local police department and and then it's just been a year of going to court and trying to settle the case and yeah, there have been some ramifications that aren't fully even settled yet. But that was that was the main bulk of it was I mean we could talk for another hour and a half on just my day in jail and what? I was like, that was crazy.
Wow.
Well this I had to say this is a run of a run of bad breaks that I wouldn't wish on anybody G's G's and then the whole so the whole time you're sorting out this legal mess. You're also sitting there going guys. Can we just can we just sort all this stuff out? Because I have my mom is sick and I'd love to be able to go visit her without this stressing me out. Yeah.
Well, that's even that's just more recent. That's just in the last, you know few months. I've been dealing with this since It's of last year in total when the accident happened to now so yeah, it's not still fully going to be over for probably at least another six months to a year, but the worst parts of it are over and you know at the end of the day I still kind of have to find the silver lining and you know be grateful that nothing worse happened and I ended up taking a deal with them, too.
Avoid jail time. So, you know, I'm like well at the end of the day.
You know, I had to take some level of responsibility. I wasn't obviously trying to you know avoid anything when that happened it was I think looking back it was a just a severe wrong case of mental shock and not making the right decisions that I normally would I mean here I am hit head-on. I'm seeing all these other people but I don't see the person that hit me they're telling me to go and the moment I feel fine. So I'm like well, okay, I guess I How can I even talk to the person that hit me if they're not here and it turned out that they were they were just farther back and you know from their perspective. They probably thought I was a drunk driver or something like that. And that's the part that really kills me is I know that I was completely sober and I could have proven that but I wasn't still there by the time cops showed up. And so I had no way to really defend myself and you know.
At the end of the day, you know, something's still got to be done and I just feel really bad for the other person involved, but I can't really talk to them about it because it's all still pending in the legal system and You know, I don't blame them if they're angry. But like I said, I I understand how they probably you know, assuming things were and just kills me that I can't really, you know.
No do anything else to defend myself, I guess in that way. Wow. Wow, you know, yeah, so you said we could talk about it for an hour and a half and I'm sure we don't want to dwell on it an hour-and-a-half.
Give me the bullet points what's day in jail, like when you get woken up at 6 a. M. And put in cuffs. Give me the bullet points of that day.
Let's go ahead and pause there because it's clearly going to go in a different direction and we're all going to hear about something pretty fascinating. And I promise you this is just one of many turns that this conversation takes the meantime check out our advertisers. It helps the show so much when you do use those promo codes lot of cool stuff them half. I'm genuinely proud you haven't touched you get with this show check them out. We'll be right back.
You ever run into a situation where you're traveling you're away from home. Maybe it's the middle of the night and you need a doctor that can be really scary. I travel all the time. I know this feeling coming down with something when I'm out doing stand-up and I'm in a city where I don't know anybody.
It can be really nerve-racking. I remember once being in Minneapolis and having a find a doctor last second and you're sitting there and you're stressing and we want my insurance this and all these questions, right? Well, guess what? Tell the doc gives you 24/7 access to board certified doctors anytime anywhere for non emergency conditions like a sinus infection allergies flu rashes and more that are board certified doctors can diagnose treat and prescribe medication when medically necessary to be delivered to the pharmacy of your choice tell the doc is available through most insurance or employers at $45 or less of visit. No appointments, no waiting rooms, and I'm going to go catch germs that one of those Urgent Care Air units, you know, you're not going to go to the ER and it's going to be shockingly more expensive than you thought tell the doc is here to get you back to feeling your best no matter when or where you are download the app today or visit tala doc. Com stories to register today. So you're ready when you need a doctor's care or schedule a doctor visit today.
Don't forget to download the app or visit Tela doc. Com stories. I go on the road a lot for work. It's a fact my life. I love it. I feel lucky I get to do it. But sometimes you're out on the road you run into situations where you feel yourself coming down with something out of nowhere you feel overwhelmed. You're out of your element. You're in a place. You don't know well guess what tell the doc gives you 24/7 access to board certified doctors anytime anywhere for non emergency conditions, like a sinus infection allergies flu rashes and more their board certified doctors can diagnose treat and prescribed.
Station when medically necessary to be delivered to the pharmacy of your choice tell the doc is available through most insurance or employers at $45 or less a visit no appointments. No waiting rooms. No, germy urgent cares. No expensive trips to the ER one of tell the docs testimonial States. I'm an RN and I have little time for personal issues. Let alone being sick while caring for the ill this service called me after setting up an account and requesting an MD visit in minutes.
This service is actually amazing. I only wish I would have utilized it sooner. Tell Doc is here to get you back to feeling your best no matter when or where you are download the app today or visit Tela doc. Com stories to register right now. So you're ready when you need a doctor's care or schedule a doctor's visit today.
Thanks again to all of our advertisers now. Let's get back to this conversation.
When you get woken up at 6 a. M. And put in cuffs, give me the bullet points of that day bullet points are well one thing I took away from it is the whole process is just one holding cell after another.
You know, I'm booked and fingerprinted DNA swab mug shot. I still can't find my mug shot online or anything. I really want to see what my mug shot was here.
You can many I would imagine my I think I will avoid that picture but um, You have a morbid Fascination. You want to know what the expression on your face work?
Yeah, just you know, cuz I'm notorious for always taking bad license pictures and stuff like that and my license picture right now definitely looks like a hardened criminal.
What is your super like charming and handsome in your mug shot? What if it's the opposite? What if you're like, man, I can't take a good license picture. I look the best I ever have in that mug shot. The lighting was great.
I doubt it Chris. I was pretty Haggard and still tired. But yeah, they put me in a cell and there's one guy that I met early on who could kind of tell it was my first time and he gave me a little bit of advice. I don't really remember too many of the specifics, but then eventually your put in a big room with a whole bunch of like kind of metal bunk beds and a lot of guys were In and out like they would call and post bail and they told me that I had to wait until the next day to see a judge. So I was really there in jail over 24 hours.
Sitting in the on the bunk and they'll come by once an hour and you know playing the the billy club against the bars and go through and shine a bright flashlight and make sure everyone's accounted for and then they walk out and the food was you know, not good.
There was one point. I was just like a plate of mush and mush.
It was pretty gross.
It's that I don't even they say that it looked like it was supposed to Meatloaf, but it was closer and consistency to like mashed potatoes.
The dinner was the best there was like a ham sandwich and some Garden chips. Okay.
Now when you're in jail do that you get to wear your own clothes or do they put you in a jumpsuit is that prison the jumpsuit I guess or if they know that you're like being sentenced to a longer, you know, stay.
Yeah. I was just in my my street clothes the whole time.
And then I mean really the most of the action was the second day early in the morning. They took me and they shipped a bunch of us. They said we had to go see a judge downtown and so we got on a bus and a nightmare day you had because you sound like a pretty good idea especially for me for not especially like imagine also keep in mind at this point at this point. I'm still not even aware of the whole address mix up.
All I know is that they say Hey you had a failure to appear. Are you didn't appear and I'm just like still so baffled and confused by the whole thing. And then it wasn't until right before I saw a judge which was like 4 o'clock the next day that I got visited by like a public defender and he's looking to files and he's like, so what's this other address? And that's when I learned what happened.
So you're sitting there and it's like I live at 84 Maple Street, they sent it to 48 Maple Street and then to some yeah. There's someone just go. Hey.
Hey, man, that's our bad. What? Why don't you head home? Like how quickly does this wrap up after that point where you at least get to not be in jail all this is sorted out.
Well the judge at first didn't want to let me go because she said well he didn't appear in court. He might be a Flight Risk. Oh, no, so then I'm just thinking but she ended up changing her mind because the public defender whoever guy, you know. Really fought hard and just you know kind of plead my case and she let me go but then the funniest part was after you, you know, you have to you know, you're going to be released. You still have to go back to the big holding cell with is like 50 other dudes and wait for everybody to be released at the end of their like business day like 4:30 5 o'clock.
So I spent about another hour knowing that I was going to be released by having to wait and then the take you down and they're about to like open. Open up the big like kind of like garage sliding door to like free everybody, but they said all of your personal belongings that you had on, you know your ID and phone or whatever.
They're going to be at this other building that you have to walk to and I wear eyeglasses and I didn't have my glasses with me when I was arrested. So I was like, well, I can't see so I asked one of the other guys I was like, hey, are you going over to that building to get your stuff? Would you mind if I walk with you and he's like, yeah, no problem.
And oh, man, I want to say is name but it was an alias. Anyway, let's just call him. It wasn't this isn't what he called. This isn't what he called himself, but it's pretty close and you get the idea. He's like, my name is snakes and I was like snakes he's like, yeah, they call me snakes in here for meth.
I don't do it. I just sell it.
I walked out hand in hand with snakes the mess I hate to giggle, but this is just building in a way.
Where know I have no other family know you have to find the humor in it.
You have to find the humor in it. But the one thing is you familiar with the Breakfast Club Chris the movie The Emilio Estevez everything Michael Hall Molly Ringwald Winona Ryder.
Oh, no, wait not Winona Ryder Ally Sheedy LCD.
Yep. Yeah classic. Well, there was a moment when we're all standing there in a line about, you know, about to be uncuffed together and we're about to be freed. And at this point I And kind of making small talk with a lot of guys in there and they were nice guys, but I was so tempted. It's still a regret that I didn't say this because I think there's a line like this towards the end of Breakfast Club and just as they were about to open the door. I was about to say, hey guys, you think well, I'll still be friends after this and just to cut the and none of them would have gotten the reference in it would it would have led to it sounds like with your luck you would have like try to make a joke.
So I would have misinterpreted the joke and you would have wound up in some other nightmare. That's a nightmare and and listen. I just want to say like you're being very honest you seem like a very reasonable guy. I'm like you said there's other people out there who maybe have a different version of the story where you ran you're copping and saying I guy I did leave so I'm willing to make a deal that was in shock and whatnot. Who knows? I'm giving you the benefit of the doubt.
Everything you're saying is the you know, the perspective that you really believe but I mean by anybody's standards. It sounds like you are not someone who just the idea of you being the guy who wears glasses and they didn't even let you get your glasses. You spend a day in jail and then you gonna walk down the block with snakes sounds like is it was that I did laughs I ask but is where worst day wear and delete very least strangest day of your life.
Absolutely.
Absolutely, I mean in all of my friends and people that I do share it with our still just they can't believe it. They're like of all people that you know, they would have known they I was the last person that they would have expected something like this happening and there's all cuz it was raining that day.
It was just raining too hard and the car is peeled out and next thing you know, another ironic thing is it was pouring rain in Los Angeles.
I live in LA.
And it never rains it rains like four days a year in Los Angeles tell me about it.
So one one of the four days that it rains in your notorious you drought real City The Dominoes start falling in a way where he you have now spent a year and a half sort of got a legal Nightmare and and you got you got snakes leading you down the block by your hand because you're half blind.
Oh man. It was about a 20-minute walk. Walk through downtown through a train station. I'm thinking at any moment. I like we're in a big crowded place. He could just shake me right here and no one would even notice for at least five minutes. Yeah that but I put my trust let me let me the right way.
I do notice, you know, I have spent little time by the standards of someone who's you know gets excreted as insurance in the Screen Actors Guild I spent woefully little time in LA. I'm Noel Hater some New Yorkers are anti La. I like La it's just like I've been able to get work and able to get work in. Uh, yeah York's I stay here, but I will say when I lived out there in 2004 and of there for about half a year and I did notice it never rains, but when it does even a light drizzle makes drivers in Los Angeles, very skittish I noticed it seems like people forgot how to handle rain or grew up. Not handling rain and it it causes a lot of like herky-jerky defensive driving. I noticed that right away so I know exactly what you mean because I grew up in the Northeast where I'm always confused by most of us are not from La so you would think people are prepared for those conditions.
But yeah, I was in another car accident in Texas on my way to La I was driving cross-country and it's so weird how these things are such coincidences, but it was a bright sunny day and out of nowhere. This is on a freeway somewhere between Dallas and Austin it just comes out of nowhere big Dark Cloud pouring rain out of nowhere everyone Slams on their brakes.
I slam on mine. And there's this old beat-up pickup truck that never stops behind you rear-ends me and caved in my bumper.
I ended up making it to La the car was drivable but like four days after I landed in La the car just died and the accident had caused some kind of slow oil leak. So like that was literally the first thing I had to do after moving across country to a new city was get a new car. And then now four years later three years later, I guess at the time this happened also with my new car in the rain. So luckily it doesn't rain that often in LA. But whenever it does after this most recent accident, I I get very kind of skittish and have flashbacks and I just don't like to drive in the rain anymore.
Hey, man, I'm going to go ahead and ask you a question. I say this. So genuinely Yeah, no judgment. Not trying to make a joke out of it. Anything good happened here that you want to share. You got anything good that's ever happened to you that you want to share.
Sure. Yeah.
I mean there's always a lot of good stuff going on around these rough patches. I just finished film. We don't have to talk too much about that whole that whole stuff, but that was why I moved to LA. I've always been acting and writing and stuff and my best friend and I we grew up together in our hometown here that I'm visiting.
Right now and it took us about a year and a half to finish. We were kind of been working on it while this whole legal things been going on, but about a week ago. We put in a final cut for a 28-minute short film that we're really proud of and going to start entering that into festivals and we're writing a feature version of it that we want to come back home and shoot in our hometown if we can raise the money for a feature and you know a lot of other stuff kind of round that but that's been the most recent really good thing. I'm I've been happy about congrats.
Thank you congrat and before before before I forget I don't want to reveal myself. I guess too much, but we were talking about Los Angeles and you and I actually met in La last live taping at Dynasty typewriter.
Yeah, great venue.
That is a fantastic comedy venue and they are doing I follow them on social media and they are doing great things in Los Angeles Dynasty typewriters a fantastic venue and it seems like it's building into something more and more. That's very cool. Thank you for coming out and amazing thing to you because you were at the live Taping that was the one where the girls house burned down and she had Cedric the Donkey.
I was the one that asked about the donkey and then you signed your book to me. Hey blank. Thanks for the donkey question. Look at that.
So another caller with historically bad luck in the moment.
It's almost like you somehow karmically link to yourself as too bad. It's too bad luck. Johnny's length. Yeah. It's like the ring member that movie The King we watch the video tape and then you're cursed to that. It's like you asked a question about Cedric the donkey and now you have the bad luck of the caller's house burned down and then someday someone's going to tweet something about you and unknowingly take on the mantle of the beautiful beautiful and honest bad luck Johnny.
It's the nickname.
I'm gonna give to all mankind I have to say can I okay.
Can I say to you because you because this is I who would wish who would wish these stories? Anyone and you're Hannah you're just like man and I get it. But let me just say a couple things about Los Angeles to you go out there to chase your dream and it's it is a City full of opportunity. It really is but they're not easy to access.
It's at the end of the day you're living in a desert. It's hot and it's dry. It's beautiful, but you can it can also just be the see the leaves never change. There's no Seasons. It's the same every day. I A fan and I would have to imagine that with things like dating apps and rideshares like uber and Lyft must have changed the game because I found Los Angeles.
I was single and I live there years ago 15 years ago, but I found immediately I went. Oh being lonely in Los Angeles is a it's a real loneliness because you're in your car all the time. It's people have to valet park. It's not like it's not there's some other cities where public transportation allows a little bit more like let's go bounce around from bar.
At a bar, there's a little bit less to that because you gotta drive you gotta Park.
It's a tough town and you show up to pound the pavement and Chase your dream and that's tough for most people let alone you get thrown in jail and your your grandparents passed away. Your mom is sick. This is a this is not an easy task on. How long have you been there? How many how many years so Sunday?
So we're yes tomorrow. My mom's birthday sundae is my four year anniversary of the day that I arrived in La. Wow.
Sunday is four years four years is just about when I think some people feel like they're finding their footing. How do you feel about the idea that Some people say that Los Angeles is a town that tries to kind of break you.
And it feels like it has really directed that energy at you quite hard.
I'm sorry to say, you know, I agree but I've also I've set up such a life there that I'm I'm still in it for the long haul I get attached to I get attached to people or you know routines pretty easily. I lived in the same house. My mom's house here that I'm staying at for 27 years my whole life I go up there I crashed for the Buddy for three months on his couch and then I found a place of my own.
I rent a room in a house with two rooms. And it's month-to-month, but I think of that as my you know, my home I don't I really like the house. I live in I have so many awesome friends and you know and like I mentioned my best friend that I grew up with and so, you know him and I hang out multiple times a week and there's so much out there that I really like about it. I always tell people it's it's way too expensive and too crowded those are not easy to deal with at all, but I still you know, I don't see myself. Self leaving anytime soon at least and I love my home state and I've been enjoying more trips home, you know, even if they aren't always for the best reasons, but yeah, it has really, you know, thrown some curveballs at me, but I started really kind of learning how to bounce back.
You know from when I was 17 wait, can I just check in real quick? How much time do we have left?
25 minutes?
Oh my gosh, this video Don't Lie when they say Be Free by well if if we could if I just feel like I would be remiss if I didn't tell you this one crazy story about my dad, let's do it before we do.
Can I just offer? Can I just offer one thing up before we move on? Yes. You describe in your life? A lot of tough breaks. My heart goes out to you. I mean that genuinely I'm going to say something that a lot of a lot of people listening might be turned off but what I'm about to say, but I'm going to speak to you as a creative person, you know, yeah one to one because I feel like I do it hard for the creative people in this world and you just said I'm not giving up and I'm so impressed and so happy to hear you say that and I'm going to say something here's the part that might turn some people off and I'm not saying any of this is a positive at all.
You used the phrase before we gotta find the silver linings as a creative person when life hands you hard stuff. They're also hidden you Fuel and you never sit there. Some people who get in a sick Loop where they sit and start to pray for bad things. They start to Pray For Rain, right? That's a phrase.
They start to say oh this and you're not you're not but to be 31 which like you said still pretty young.
Single no kids all you have is yourself a tough place to wind up, but it means You're in the ultimate place to creative person can be in many ways, which is that. The only responsibilities you have our to yourself and taking your shot and there is something there that when you're on the other side of the pain and the grief and the morning and all of these things that are valid and necessary and that I'm not trying to Discount.
I always feel I've been thinking a lot lately like I mentioned up top so idea of like where am I still in my career and I realized the end of the day art art is ultimately, I think a Young Person's domain because the only responsibility that the best artists have are to process the world and spit out their heart and response to it and I have a feeling you're going to make some great stuff and these hard times are only going to make you more resilient.
In the process of pursuing your dreams.
I really feel that.
Yeah, Chris, I'm gonna cry I really that means a lot and I think I needed to hear that right now.
You're entering the phase of life where you're not going to be on the other side of some extraordinary hard stuff and you've been dealing it's you were young your dad all this stuff, but Yeah, the end of the day you're going to be left alone wolf.
With a clear path to just go for it.
There's a part of me that feels like when you get there, it's going to feel good. You deserve it. All right, you have a story about your dad. We have 22 minutes left.
And wow, we clearly have to pause there.
This guy's got more crazy stories who would have thunk it check out.
These ads helps the show when you do.
Working out is hard. We all know that and bomba socks. I'm not going to say they can change that but they can certainly make working out more comfortable. If your resolution is to get fit this year start by getting socks that can keep up every step of the way. I tell you I have gotten myself a bunch of socks that are specific for basketball and it makes a difference. I'm out there running around and they are legitimately more comfortable and I'll tell you what to pee. Play basketball or people like style, you know, everybody's always checking out each other's gear. I've gotten consistent compliments where people were like, oh those Red Sox dude, like these tough basketball alpha male types consistently given dap to my socks tapping me up on my socks.
And I love that. They give away three pairs of socks to people in need. I think that's super cool. But I'm just makes a variety of performance socks designed for everything from running hiking cycling tennis. And yes basketball plus a lot more bomb is are designed with Left Right contouring and a why stitched heel so they stay perfectly in place and they've gotten rid of that annoying toe seem. Oh wait the toasty and for every pair you buy bombas donates a pair to someone in need. Like I said, that is a noble thing that I support Go to bombas. Com stories today get 20% off your first purchase. That's Bo MBA s. Com stories for 20% off bombas. Com / stories.
Let's get back to this phone based conversation.
All right. You have a story about your dad. We have 22 minutes left.
Okay. Yeah, so my dad my mom and dad, you know grew up in this the same time here and had me when I think they were both 30 or 31 and that was about two or three he decides to move across the country to Arizona and my mom and I still had our house, but he had us he called us out there we stayed for.
Seven months while he was trying to recruit us to move to Arizona with him and it was right before I had started school. So I wasn't in school. It was just a lot of memories of you know, playing around with other kids and the apartment complex and going around and hiking and stuff like that and but after seven months we a man died and I never really understood why I was out there for so long and why we came back, but she kind of always sold it as well. You know, it was time to go back to start kindergarten. So like okay and as I grew up, you know talk to my dad on the phone all the time and I would go and visit them every summer and for young about maybe a month or so in between grades and as I'm getting older I'm starting to kind of put some pieces together that Maybe some things about my dad or little less than I don't know what the word is but you know, he's a little bit of a wild guy and you know as I'm getting older and older I find out okay, maybe here and there I he had a DUI and you know, you told me a story about running the cops when he was in his twenties trying to get pulled over and you know, those kinds of things here's a very very loving guy a little bit immature for his age. He always was he, you know liked Kind of the party a little bit too much but he was a good father and when I was around him, you know, he made it clear. I was the most important thing in the world through well anyways my sophomore year of high school.
Cool, he decides to move back home where I am and gets his own house and he's living in town and said he wanted to you know be back around me. Well, he comes over to my mom's house one day and they send me down and they say growing up. We always told you they'd be a lot of things. We said that we wouldn't tell you until you're older. Well, you're almost 18 now.
We're going to tell you some stuff. That we always said we'd tell you when you're older now is the time so I'm like get my popcorn ready like, okay, let's hear it and they say do you remember why we left Arizona after 7 months when you were like four and I was like, I don't know it wasn't it to start kindergarten and they said well, no, this is what happened and I'm going to try to bullet point it like I did before with the jail stuff. But this is all True by the way.
I told this story so friend recently and he was like, you know, you did. Have to embellish anything just to make this sound like a cool stuff. Like this is all true, man. My dad gets involved with one of his buddies out there and they're like selling weed small-time, you know, it's early 90s all somehow they get involved with these like high-level gangster guys, and there's a long story short. They agree to do this big marijuana drop off at the Phoenix Airport bad idea and my dad.
Oh, yeah, I do. Dad is the guy. I don't know what their plan was or how they were going to smuggle it in but somehow involved. My dad happened to duffel bags full of weed and he gets busted.
What do you know by the FED can't ya because can we just say when a cartel recruits you a small-time dealer to go to an airport and pull something up this is because they don't want to do it. They assume there's a high chance of disaster and they're putting you there.
So your dad your dad Falls for it your dad gets you A patsy effectively.
Yeah, uh-huh get busted. He makes a call to my mom who's at his apartment with me and she has no idea about this and he like surprised, you know me and I don't know he had a buddy that was involved with calm like Joey me and Joey are doing this deal and what they don't know this. I only brought one of the bags the other bag is in the closet and you have to go get it and dump it. It behind the bar the dumpster where Joey works down the street because they're going to have my information and they're going to probably come. You know, they're going to be there any minute. So my mom is just you know, goddamn it.
She opens up the closet door. What do you know? There's a big black duffel bag. That's got the other, you know, half the weed and but you know In This Moment In Her Shoes, what choice does she have she takes me jumps in the car? Sit in a dumpster comes back decides then in there. I'm not raising my son around this. Yeah, you know pack up your we're driving back home across the country.
So that's only part of it. We get out of Dodge the next day. My dad gets arrested.
Can I ask can I jump in and ask so did your dad leave half of it behind going? All right. So if I get caught they'll think it all got confiscated and I get to sell all this stuff when I get out probably I don't don't remember that being part of the story when they sent me down.
Okay, but I mean, yeah reason would probably reduce that's probably what it was. Yeah, so he ends up serving I think a year with like a chain gang and the desert but the crazy part of it was that.
Oh here comes the crazy part.
What was that? I just like they said also the crazy outside of my dad doing a airport drop off with a cartel and getting thrown into a chain gang. Here comes the crazy part hit me with the crazy part.
Well, it wasn't even cartel. It was I guess East Coast Mafia like legit mafia members perfect and they found out that he had this family and they were going to my dad found out about this, I guess while he was in jail or a somehow like a few weeks later. They had a plan in place already to go to kidnap my mom and I to stop my dad from testifying it's them and like left town on like a Tuesday morning and the kidnapping would have went down on Wednesday.
So the mafia was about to kidnap you and my mom if we hadn't already packed up the car. Okay, they knew these guys my business because two weeks before my dad gets busted. I guess there was like a 20 year old girl who was already going to testify against them in a trial for some other case. And they found this like 20 year old 20 year old girl tied her to a chair in a restaurant and set the place on fire and then like two weeks later. My dad gets busted.
Yeah reputation.
I was waiting for that. What are you even talking about?
What are you even talking about? That's you've lived some life, my friend.
So you dodged the kidnapping?
Allstars the kids. Yeah does a kidnapping find out about this and then six months later. My dad dies from a heroin overdose that whoa really stopped me in my tracks didn't know that he had ever even touched anything that heavy. Apparently he had gotten addicted to it while he was in Arizona got clean when he moves back.
Home my home town does have a little bit of an epidemic in our County and I guess he somehow got hooked back on it never told me I never I had no idea until it was too late and it was three weeks before my 18th birthday and they found him with a needle in his arm. And at first they told me it was a heart failure and then a few days later my mom and I were at his house kind of cleaning up stuff and on a the Way back, she tells me hey, you know your grandpa's probably too ashamed to tell you this, but it wasn't it was a little bit more than a heart failure and it was an accidental.
He wasn't trying to overdose on anything. It was like a dealer that gave him like a bad dose that lethal dose that ended up killing two other people in the dealer ended up serving time because that's it.
They will now my understanding is they will arrest dealers for murder when that happens. Yeah, and he's too modern. Yeah, but asked a morbid question. Sure, it's passed through your head. If there were people out to get to your dad to the point where they were willing to kidnap you and your mom was there ever a passing thought of I wonder if this was staged to look like an overdose?
No, just because of how much time had passed. I never thought that my mom does think that the girlfriend he was living with at the time may have had something to do with it or at least was there but lied about being home at the time. And there's no real way to prove that and I don't even know where she is anymore, but nothing would really surprise me if she was involved in Shady stuff because she was a little bit.
Yeah. She was she was pretty rough. I never liked her but in terms of that. No, I don't think it was anything involving those guys as far as my dad's stuff and that's I mean that's that's all the the the stuff. That's really hit me. I swear I Lived a really positive loving life. I have so much to be grateful for and that I'm that I'm happy about I didn't really intend for this, you know whole episode to be such a downer, but well, alright, that's when life when life hands you lemons you call Beautiful Anonymous and you squeeze the lemons it's like you do you don't make lemony if you're a fan of this show you don't make lemonade what you do is you call Beautiful.
Anonymous and you just talk in depth about the lemons and then we figure it out like I do want to ask it the story. You just told it makes me think about your half-sister because I'm sure that on her and you know, someone given up for adoption reconnects might say hey, do you have any stories about our dad that put you in a weird passion ago? Well, yeah, I got a couple stories sit down.
I told him I told her that one. She doesn't know about my my legal stuff the last year just because we know there's certain things. I would have rather explained in person and we just haven't had that opportunity. But yeah, she knows some of those stories and you know, she never got to meet him or talk to him. But that is a weird thing is, you know, when I met her for the first time we had all these strange things in common through our blood connection to our father and we even showed up without out talking in advance or planning or anything. We both showed up wearing a Navy top and black jeans and it is picture of us. It looks like we completely choreographed the whole thing and just like all these like little things that I was like. Wow is this, you know, does DNA of have more in common with the two of us than I thought.
the head spinning call you brought up you like fully explained for things that normal meeting meeting.
Your adopted half-sibling could be its own called dealing with the death of one of your parents could be its own call having a day in jail could be its own call having your dad pull a lot of the stuff. He pulled could be its own call the everything about the car accident could be its own call.
Yeah, man, you know what? I've always wanted to ask and just went to my brain simple question. What do you have a favorite movie?
Who cares? Who cares? I'm just trying to I always wondered what's your favorite movie is I do have a favorite movie. But first I will I just want to say on my end to all the listeners out there. Even I don't care at this point.
We got nine minutes left. You've just brought you've laid out the image of living basically Breaking Bad life, you know my favorite movie sure. It's it's you know, I would say it's the very underrated John. Exact movie Grosse Pointe Blank from 1996. I think it's an amazing movie. I would say weirdly there's like a U of I would say not very often but every now and then you'll meet a comedian who's completely obsessed with that movie because comedic LIE there's something really special about it.
That's a great movie. I've only seen it once I got a I got to revisit. It's been about probably eight years.
That's a that's a good choice. It's really good. It's about a assassin who goes back to his high school reunions, and I love it because it's It's a very very absurd premise and they don't shy away from absurd moments, but it's also played extraordinarily heartfelt and real and the main character sorts out a lot of very genuine feelings Under the Umbrella of the Absurd premise and it's funny and keep second plays it so grounded and smart and I love that movie. He crushes love that. I got to re-watch that. I just had what's your favorite movie?
Please say ballistic X versus ever.
Imagine if you went it's its ballistic X versus ever.
Remember that one and I thought yeah, you and me both.
I don't know why that popped into my head. What's your favorite movie?
If I have to choose one, it's Dumb and Dumber.
Wow that says a lot revealing choice and Dumber The Dark Knight and Good Will Hunting.
Those are my top three.
That's a wide breadth. I feel like though base that's fascinating because I feel like based on everything we've learned about you today via your stories of your past.
That is that is a comment you liking Dumb and Dumber Dark Night and Good Will Hunting. Really makes a lot of sense. I mean Good Will Hunting has all the right Dad stuff that that that famous monologue about my dad wasn't the best Right Dark Knight has all the criminal elements of you whining up in jail person. Who's looking for justice Batman himself lives right on The Fringe of his he the hero or the villain because he's a vigilante and it's dark and Dumb and Dumber. Yeah, you've dealt with a lot of dumb stuff.
It's a part. I feel like I feel like it's a perfect mix that actually sums up your personality quite well.
My dad was the one that introduced me to in 1997 and maybe it was 98 because of the year after it came out but he introduced me to Good Will Hunting and face off in the same visit and both of those became some of my favorite movies to this day Face Off is just so ridiculous.
But one of the best 90s action movies, I don't I think I saw a face off at a drive-in Or maybe it's broken are opening Faceoff is Nicolas Cage and John Travolta and they surgically trade faces, correct?
Yes. How can they let me ask you something are underrated acting performances.
Yeah, I want to ask you because you're out there making the dream happen for years ago. Hey, I'm 20 years Chasing the Dream in New York. And I've had I've had some success I can't complain.
But do you ever have these moments where you done?
What's that? Oh, I just said and you've done excellent work.
Thank you. That's nice. But you know, you're here you're creative person you come up with ideas where you're like, this is a good idea.
No one wants to take it seriously and yet someone wants gave millions of dollars to fund a film where Nicholas Cage and John Travolta cut off their faces and so each other's faces onto their own heads.
How come I can't sell this thing that I think is just a really straightforward good idea that Middle America will love meanwhile the face cutting movie major distribution deal to legitimate Stars.
These execs man. They're all probably you know, I did those ideas and great.
You don't want to get me started. You might if you ever want to get me worked up it here's a tip to the listeners. You ever meet me in person and you want to get me worked up say the word execs and watch my opinion start flying these professional middlemen who live off the efforts of the creative class.
But don't get end Faceoff wasn't legit hit. Let me also I was a John Woo. I've just been informed of a John. Yeah that if you have Nick Cage John Travolta and John Woo in 1990 e 6 or 7. Yeah, you're gonna get you're gonna get your movie made. That's fair. Oh, I forgot. Yeah. They're John Woo, Nick Cage and John Travolta, and I'm the guy who put put a movie star in a dumpster and that's the thing people say is my best piece of work is I put somebody in a dumpster and made people call.
Find a guess who was in the dumpster and I wonder why the industry doesn't just hand me a deal. Anyway, I've managed to take your sad stories and your your life that's under moments of duress and I managed to yet again make it about me and my trivial problems.
I'm so sorry.
Not at all your fine.
You asked me what my favorite movie was that ends with me red thing about Hollywood document system.
Wow. Three minutes left, man.
You gonna be? All right. You said it's your mom's birthday coming up.
Yeah tomorrow. I was I was in the mall buying her a little gift when I when I got through. I mean I had already been done shopping. So I'm just been sitting in the parking lot to my mall. It's like a minute away from my house. So we're I was actually going to go home and look at some old photos with her and show her the final cut of my movie. She hasn't seen that yet. We're going to do that. And then I know some some close buddies tonight and then tomorrow is our birthday and it's going to do whatever she wants to do and she can't leave the house or really walk on her own. So I'm just, you know going to be by her side A lot and whatever she wants to do. I'm just going to try to focus on you know, the quality time in case this is the last time you know this weekend, so I'll be okay man. I've had a lot of time to start digesting it from a lot of different angles and there's a couple good things that are on the horizon that I can't mention here, but are definitely going to help things in my future.
So I kind of have that as well to kind of try to alleviate my mind.
Well, I also just want to say connecting a lot of dots And I'm sure speaking on behalf of a lot of listeners. You grew up an only child. It was just you and your mom sounds like you guys went through a decent amount of stuff together. Probably a lot of times. We only had each other and I just gotta say hearing what you just laid out as far as how you're coming home doing these activities prioritizing her comfort her happiness making sure you're sharing where you're at with her.
I would have to imagine that as a mom though. She's sick and it's hard and there's pain involved. I have to imagine she's pretty thrilled. I have a son who's stepping up the way you are and I hope that I hope that I can do the same for my parents when the tough times hit because it sounds like you're really you're being a good good son.
Thank you, man.
That means really means the world to get to talk to you today. You know, I've always felt a connection to you in the show. Listen every week and I just yeah, it's a feel like this kind of happened at just the right time and I needed to hear a lot of things you said so, you know, I hope our paths cross again one day and Buddy if they never do, you know, just know that you mean a lot to me and I really, you know, I felt good to talk to you today.
Well, thanks. Thanks for the kind words. I'm sending you my best thinking good thoughts for you. And you said it's a one minute drive home. I'm going to ask you drive carefully. You're in a phase of Life wherein. In a minute, it sounds like you could want you could somehow wind up like it's a cloudy day.
I'm open no, no, no rain comes down.
Yes, but be careful out there.
It sounds like in one minute. You could somehow wind up in a scenario that leads to you like living on your own on a deserted island. Trying to pick coconuts to survive. Be careful out there sending all of it with you and your mom and nothing, but the best.
Thanks a lot brother. Thank you.
Call it thank you for the conversation. Like I said a bunch of times especially towards the end. They're sending you a lot of thoughts outside of all the crazy stories about jail and drugs and all that stuff. Most of all keep taking care of your mom. Hope everything with that goes as well as it can although I know that that's a hard thing to even say and speak again.
You're stepping up your being a good son. And that's what's most important and So many positive thoughts in particularly related to that.
Thank you for calling sharing your story with me.
Thank you. Jerry O'Connell the chronicling stories. Thank you too. Harry Nelson for teasing me at one point Harry just type the words bear Burger on the screen and I got real hungry and then he's just being evil. It made no sense. So I guess thanks for tormenting me. Thank you to Shell Shack for the music.
You will know about me tour dates stand-up live Beautiful Anonymous Chris get. Com. That's where you get all your tickets you like to show one thing you go to Apple podcast rate reviewed subscribe.
It genuinely helps when you do see you next time next time.
I'm beautiful Anonymous. We talk to an actual real-life hero not a hero with a cape and a sound. I can movies but someone who helps those in need.
I work for a girl's residential program for girls ages 14 to 18 that have experienced or are at high risk for being sexually exploited or they've already been trafficked. So it's not my job. Yeah. Yeah. I just had a wild an extra long shift was because we had an ATM staff meeting to go over some sexually exploited youth training.
Yeah, so Yes, and I've been awake for that and almost went to that and then I saw the tweet. I was like I got a track I got it.
That's next time on beautiful anonymous.
Working at a residential program to help girls who have been trafficked or are at high risk, a caller tells Geth about how her job is the best thing thats ever happened to her. This episode is brought to you by Talkspace (www.talkspace.com code: BEAUTIFUL), Third Love (www.thirdlove.com/beautiful), and ZipRecruiter (www.ziprecruiter.com/beautiful).
READ LESS
Hello to all my Attitude Era fans. Beautiful Anonymous one hour one phone call. No name. No holds barred.
Welcome to another episode of beautiful Anonymous. Thanks to everybody who's been coming out to see my stand-up tour and filming it begin to talk to some of you guys and I tell you other comedians. They always tell me like now you have the nicest fan base and comedy and I'm lucky and that's you guys. It's been such kind supportive people.
I only have dates in Chicago left. I think there's some tickets for The Late Show in Chicago Chris gift. Com. You want to come out on October 14th, Chicago. Anyway, this week's episode. Let's talk about it. It's a tough one. It's one of the tougher ones actually in the history of the show because it deals with victims people who are unquestionably victims and I would say some of society's most put-upon victims. It's a hard one. So brace yourself and our caller is someone who works to help these people works to help people who don't have many people looking out for them.
And I'm going to go ahead and say it. I think that the car this week is the hero just one of these people who lives a regular life as an average person. Person, but qualifies as a hero. I hope you get something out of this conversation.
Thank you for calling beautiful Anonymous a beeping noise will indicate when you are on the show with the host.
Hello. Hi, this is Chris speaking. Oh, no way. Oh my gosh.
Hi, that feels good to have someone so happy to hear him from me. That's nice. Thank you for all you have no idea.
I've been listening since episode one and trying for since that time so I'm like what?
It's awesome. Thanks for sticking with the show.
Oh, of course, give me life.
It's good.
That's what I'm here for give people life life. Yeah, how are you?
I'm doing well. I just got off a 12-hour overnight shift.
Yeah, and I'm still really caffeinated and good so I might drink more water because I've had a little bit too much caffeine, but I have a job where I have to stay awake and Monitor girls and check on them throughout the night. So it's not one that you can sleep on an overnight shift here. Definitely awake and doing a lot of things.
So wow because I should mention it's 11:30 a. M. In New York. I don't know if you're on the east coast to be fair.
No, you're not so you so you weren't climate. Oh, yeah top you got.
Oh, sorry. No, I'm in the midwest the Midwest.
So say that yes.
See, I do have to keep it a little I've of course a little inconspicuous just because I do work with a confidential program. So I need to keep things pretty on the DL. But I can share my stories and experiences just can't I just be sure anything's or initials, but I work for a girls residential program for girls ages 14 to 18 that have experienced or are at high risk. For being sexually exploited or they've already been traffic so it's my job.
Yeah. Yeah. I just had a wild when after a long shift was because we had an 8:00 a. M. Staff meeting to go over some sexually exploited youth training with Another program. Yeah, that's in my state. So yeah, stay up and wait for that and yeah almost went to bed and then I was saw the tweet and I was like, I gotta try I gotta try so it's pretty rad to hear your voice.
Well yours is well. And can I just first things first? Can I say, you know you're working with people who clearly need a safety net and need someone looking out for them. So Thank you for doing a selfless thing. Thank you for doing a selfish thing on behalf of some people who probably qualify as some of the more forgotten people in this world, you know, that's so very true.
And it doesn't. Yeah, I absolutely love everything about my job. Yes, it's difficult. But the amount of heart rewarding days that I get are just innumerable to any other, you know job that I can imagine so it's super Challenging but oh man, the rewards are Bountiful.
So before we even get into any questions or stories, is that something you learn in your training or is that just something about you that ability to stay positive because without knowing anything about the specifics of what you do I can tell you that I could not I could not do it.
I'd be to set I'd be too surprised you might be surprised because you know, you have to realize that these people these girls are real humans and they're just like any one day to But they've just experienced so much more trauma, whether it's intergenerational or historical trauma or just you know, even emotional trauma, but these do go a lot deeper being physical and you know getting the resources that sometimes they just need to have a shelter so and to see what they put themselves through or what their parents or so-called boyfriend or girlfriend's put them through.
Helping them find that they can get out of the life is It's wonderful, but thank you. Yeah, it's cool.
Yes, it's incredible. So you you doing like I just said I don't want to classpath it. It's what you're doing is incredible. You said that specifically you brought up with people's parents or boyfriend or girlfriend of done sort of your you're working you're just because I've read a lot about it and human trafficking.
I feel like many people don't know has become one of the biggest black markets on the globe by far to a degree that I think the average person maybe doesn't realize that when I first heard about it was astounding like billions upon billions upon billions of dollars are moved in this world. It sounds like you're working more with people who Have been sort of less International victims and more people whose Reign family lives have come apart in a way.
Yep, and you know, I live up where there are a lot of indigenous indigenous peoples and First Nations peoples and they are sadly seen as more exotic and they are more sought out in this rural community and they I mean native-americans don't hardly have a voice as it is right now and that's even such a small number amount that are sexually trafficked or exploited and help them find their voice and tell them that they are of worth is important because not a lot of people know that and they are out there and they are struggling and they do need the help. They need the resources and there is not enough.
Available for everyone and you know, there's a lot of numbers that they're high but there's a lot of cases that aren't reported to you and that's super scary, you know, and also realizing another thing that I learned today was that a lot of the numbers show that like about 90% are females that are sexually trafficked but and then, you know under 10% are males or gender non-conforming non-binary.
But then it's really those are the cases that are unreported to so it is more so half and half when you're actually out on the ground and hearing with like the other Regional Navigators that do a lot of the transport of these used to different shelters around the state is that it is really half and half so it's not just girls that you think of you also need to think of the young males out there too.
And is that just because there's Maybe I would imagine that there's even even more social stigmas that that keep younger males from there's just like a lot of masculinity issues and a lot of societal pressures that that that they feel I particularly need to keep this secret. Is that the root of that?
Yeah. I mean, it's also like marketing like, you know, you don't see the marketing. You don't see it on the billboard a young man. You think of a young girl with like, you know, a dark-skinned black hand over a white girl's face and that's Holy not what it is. It can be anyone anywhere anyone can be trafficked.
And anyone can you know, there is no. Certain thing. There's no certian certain person or what? They look like to be a trafficker is as well. Like, you know, that was one of our very first training at the was all right, go let's go around this table. Here's some photos in front of you. Who do you think are traffickers in here? And you know, you see priest you see Grandma's and you know, you just go down the whole line and you realize these are all traffickers. They all look so different they are all doing that evil evil thing to yeah.
Grandma's is surprising. Priests less so in 2019 and not to make a super Mikado joke, but as a as a lapsed Catholic if he's put a you put a group of pictures in front of me and said pick out one of these people who has some weird thing with kids going on and one of them had a white collar on I sadly might my eyes might be attracted to them sadly enough but I oh yeah.
No, I definitely thought I know what you're saying.
I'm not trying to make too many jokes in this episode.
This is a Grimm. On scrim wants to set topic. Can I ask when you is there?
Is there any I would imagine that sometimes people are just sick. Sometimes people just do not have morals that that meet the standards that we expect in a civilized society, but I would have to imagine is are there also some cycles that lead to this I could imagine if you're in if you're in a family where there's poverty or drug abuse.
Do the the warnings or the likelihood that someone might fall into this increase?
Oh, yeah, most definitely most definitely most definitely sorry. I mean, yeah, you can factor into all of those vulnerabilities and the more likelihood that they have more of those vulnerabilities. Is there up higher on the risk factor and Yeah, it is really sad. But you know, that's how we are taught is and what it is is that these traffickers go through and they slowly pick out those who are vulnerable and who need those that food that money the drugs, you know, and that's a really big one is that you know, they first hook into getting the drugs, even if it's just a cigarette but then finding out later that that cigarette is may be laced with heroin or meth and heard about These girls at 14 and 15. Yeah, just like, you know, they probably that is just cigarettes, but then it's you know, it's the rest of their life that they have to fight for.
Right right. This is this is a thing I have read about where traffickers will sometimes actually restrain someone and give them hard addictive drugs like their stories of people actually being injected with Heroin against their will to get them indicted addicted and basically Enslaved to people convinced apply that to them.
It's it's yeah, yeah crazy.
Wow.
Yeah, and that's like so many like, you know, I come from such a community where there wasn't much diversity. And yes, there were things going on behind the scenes that I wasn't aware of but where I'm at now, it's so much more prevalent and You can just see.
These girls wanting to find something hopeful and it is I've had to learn so many different things that I never thought. I'd have to learn like when I bring the girls to the library like I got to watch them like so they aren't scoring H behind another bookshelf.
Yes. It's like what in the world but it's very real to them and you know, they they don't kick. They don't get kicked out of our program if they do happen to you is whether out of our sight. They are fully monitored. But sometimes I do have passes to go home or seat the seat family and I've it we don't have a punitive system because that's not going to be helpful at all and the whole cycle of their life.
But yeah, it's a lot. It's a lot that I've had to learn and I've only been in this field for about 11 months, but I'm fully immersed and it is is the best thing that's ever happened to me.
So wow. What what a everybody listening let's just pause and know that this person I'm in conversation with just said, this is the best thing that's ever happened to me IE. I don't even mind saying this you are a better contributor to society than I am straight up. I just want you to know that I want you to have that. I hope people tell you that every single day shit Christmas.
Wow, thank you you're dealing with all right, she'll be fine with this one.
You're dealing with some of the worst circumstances. You're protecting victims Who come out of those circumstances and you're sitting here saying it's the best thing that's ever happened to you. That's yeah.
I mean, I worked refill retail for seven years before this and it was all about monetizing and it's all about consumerism and it wasn't, you know, people would come I worked in a jewelry store and people would complain. Lane about their luxury items and it just ate at me like this isn't what life is about this.
Not at all. I don't care about that. And so to go into this world where where I do get to make a difference in these girls life.
It is the best thing that happened to me because it did give me they gave me that energizing factor in my life again.
Wow, that's do you think back to those days do you think back to someone coming in being like this? Diamond doesn't have all four c's Cut and Clarity in my flipping out and now you're like really that's what you're worried about because yeah, I just meant a 15 year old whose boyfriend said he loved her and then got her hooked on meth and is now pimping her. So maybe maybe your diamond clarity isn't worth a tantrum between adults.
Yes. Yes. It's maddening for sure might almost be please make me cry because they would make me feel so low like, oh, I'm sorry. Sorry, I can't help you. I'm sorry.
Your wouldn't even be mad at me.
I'm sorry.
Your Ruby's work polished to your liking. Okay.
Now you're giving me flashbacks that let it go.
If we just say I hate to even laugh at all this episode, but you have to laugh at like you maybe three minutes ago said falling into a world. We provide Social Services for victims of human trafficking is the best thing that's ever. Grab knew but me making a joke about rubies is giving you flashbacks. That is telling no.
It's very true. It is very true. It was a I had a really interesting time with my jewelry store.
Yeah, actually my company ended up paying me out for therapy because what they let me first what but that's another story. I don't want to yeah, yeah jewelry stores. Paying for therapy.
And your and then your therapist is your so your therapist your on the couch you're explaining on your therapist. Like look is a high-pressure environment. And as far as your application goes we might need to find something with a little bit less tension. You're like, I think I got just the field.
I think I know just the fields for me.
Yeah, but I'm all about the hard work. I've always been all about the heart work. Like I've always been that person where people just like come and vent to me and I'm all for it. I'm all ears and I love it. And so the fact that these girls put their trust in me and I get to help them through their day-to-day with their schooling with how to maintain a household because that's a lot of the program to is that we're teaching them life skills to be able to be on their own and not have to rely on anyone yet. They can have you know, we can help them find all those resources but it is about the in and out of teaching these teenage girls, but they can make it.
On their own and they will be a okay beautiful.
I have a couple questions. Yeah a couple broad ones that I think are.
Our important one When do you do you more often see the situation you described a boyfriend family member exploiting or do you run into situations where you know, you hear all these stories and some of them are very real and some of them are, you know, urban legends of like syndicates and vast underground networks. Do you see people from As well cuz I mean a lot of that. I feel like the international human trafficking is I've read I once read a book. It was really great and it had a name that I feel like everybody would have been talking about this book that it's good the name of it is Mick Mafia, which I feel like misrepresented as a less serious book than it is, but it was all about how it was all about how like black markets have changed because we globalized the economy so that it was really fascinating and I'm off on a tangent where like the black the black market used to be like some regions of the world. It was really hard to get cigarettes. So there was a whole black market for cigarettes and then we globalize the economy. It's no longer hard to get cigarettes. But guess what you have all these people who are used to trafficking cigarettes and making a lot of money and they have a whole infrastructure in place.
They're not going to stop trafficking. There's going to traffic something else and that's those become drugs and guns. And humans and it's kind of easier to traffic humans because drugs you can find and guns you can find but you can convince a person that they are in danger if they talk so human trafficking up some people say is actually the easiest one for these underground networks these black market economies because you can tell someone I'm going to kill your little brother if you say a word on this plane flight and they might Quiet you can't deny that. It's drugs. Do you find have you are you dealing with people who are more from this is a family that fell apart due to Poverty drugs Etc or are you seeing victims who have been have fallen into these very very dark underground world's so I have mainly deal with the families that do break down and you know, I had a girl Tommy like, you know, yeah, my mom sold my brother when he was 6 for $1,000, you know stuff like that and that's Pretty yeah, that was like she told me that on my first because like oh, okay, then, you know like that like really brought it home to me.
But you know, we also have to like when the girls come to our facility we wash all their belongings and we have to inventory everything in on the little sheet. And you know, I have seen those girls that are randomly here from the southern part of the United States and all they have Is lingerie just like, you know, 12 pairs of lingerie, but only one pair of shorts one pair of jeans one sweater. And then that's it, you know and just cover like Tails. I had like a fancy satin robe, you know, and you could really tell that she had been through another realm of that world that most of the girls that I work with haven't experienced but Yeah, it'll really all depends kind of what comes through our doors at for referrals.
So but there is a big enough need within this community that we can just help anyone around here and it's still just like Yes, please mark grant money because there are so many so many endangered youth that are going to things that they should never have to go through and yeah, like bring it back to like the whole boyfriend or girlfriend thing and they are easier to manipulate because they are vulnerable vulnerable they want they want food. They want shelter they want whatever and you know, it's so hard for us as counselors to when you years of girls defend their trafficker and they're like, no you love me, you know, you know, it's just like You know, you just have to start breaking it down for them and you know, so hopefully they'll get back into the cycle of normality and you know, they might relapse but we're here to help them guide them back to the continuation of recovery.
That's so sad, but you can hear it. You can almost hear the conversation of someone going right like okay, you can come live in my house. All right, let's party all the time and hey after a few months. You know, we're tight on rent. You haven't really contributed. Yeah. Hey, I know how we can make some cash fast and look we party all the time. Anyway, maybe we should just think about this and then that tumbles very quickly how you can stay here.
If you want to stay here. This is how you can stay here. You know, like you're even an one example that was given today for my training was you know, this mom can have say like a 14 year old daughter for it and you can go you know, she's yeah a lot of These Girls Aren't up. Tor Like we have helped a girl that isn't her 21st year life, but like most of these girls come in when they're 14 to 16.
Oh that gets me so mad.
Oh, yeah, and I mean and that's luckily the age that we can take them and there aren't many recent resources for ages below that which is even harder to do so, but it's still very very real.
Do they do these norc girls because you're describing. I mean when you hear it when when you're explaining that sometimes they go to the library and you have to try to you have to try to keep an eagle eye out for heroin dealers. I feel like the next question is a little silly to even ask. Do they still get to be teenagers? Do I still ever get that experience?
We're going to pause right there the question I was waiting to ask for a while because I'm very interested in the answer. I hope you are too but we do have ads on this show and I know sometimes on these intense calls its stuff to break them up France, but it's how we bring the show to you for free. We'll be right back.
Even if you're out there trying to do the right thing eat kale salads drink smoothies that you're preparing all the ingredients yourself. I'm telling you. We all know it's still likely that you're not getting all the essential nutrients. You need on a daily basis enter ritual the obsessively researched vitamin for women ritual makes it so easy ritual really makes it easy for you to get everything you need in one place.
My wife has used. Ritual she is very fond of it. I think the way that they approach everything makes sense. They're taking a lot of the stress. You don't you don't have to go and think about okay, I gotta go on the internet and research every single thing that I gotta go to the store and see if I can track down all the versions of those things know they do all that for you rituals Essentials have the nutrients most of us. Don't get enough up from food D3 omega-3.
So many more all of these things in their clean absorbable forms. There's no Shady additives. There's no weird ingredients. You never even heard of that do more harm than good to your body. Better Health doesn't happen overnight. And right now ritual is offering my listeners 10% off during your first three months fill in the gaps in your diet with essential for women a small step that helps support a healthy foundation for your body visit ritual. Com stories to start your ritual today.
That's 10% off during its first three months at ritual. Com / stories. I go on the road a lot for work. It's a fact my life. I love it. I feel lucky I get to do it. But sometimes you're out on the road you run into situations where you feel yourself coming down with something out of nowhere you feel overwhelmed. You're out of your element. You're in a place. You don't know well guess what tell the doc gives you 24/7 access to board certified doctors anytime anywhere for non emergency conditions, like a sinus infection allergies flu rashes and more their board certified doctors can diagnose treat and prescribe medication when The necessary to be delivered to the pharmacy of your choice tell the doc is available through most insurance or employers at $45 or less a visit no appointment. No waiting rooms. No, germy urgent cares. No expensive trips to the ER one of tell the docs testimonial States.
I'm an RN and I have little time for personal issues. Let alone being sick while caring for the ill this service called me after setting up an account and requesting an MD visit in minutes. This service is actually amazing. I only wish I would have utilized it sooner. Tell Doc is here to get you back to feeling your best no matter when or where you are download the app today or visit Tela doc. Com stories to register right now. So you're ready when you need a doctor's care or schedule a doctor's visit today.
Don't forget to download that app or visit. Tella doc TLA DLC. Com / stories.
Thanks again to all of our advertisers now. Let's get back to this conversation. Do they still get to be teenagers? Do I still ever get that experience from my perspective?
No, I had a really good. Good. I mean I hated my teenager years but compare Italy to what these girls have. These girls aren't getting to live the life that they deserve and you know, we have to keep them safe. So it is part of them, you know, like we can't tell you I can't give you the address and I won't you know, I don't give anyone the address of these House locations because Their traffickers could come and you know coordinate and like, you know, we run Intruder drills just in case you know, oh, yeah. Oh, yeah, we do all because that's a very real threat of them finding out where they're at and taking them or you know, they're playing the game that they go into this program, but then they're also grooming other girls in the program, too. On run with them so they don't. Yeah. So like the biggest thing that the girl hates is that they don't get to have their cell phones because like that's just such an easy connection and we monitor all calls, you know, all their internet usage like for anything when they are on the computer. We have to sit right next to them even when they're doing schoolwork because the fear and the threat is too big.
It's just not worth it. So yeah, it's your program.
Is it voluntary or? Are these like after police involvement people are it is after police involvement.
Right? Right. Yes, I think can be voluntary but most of the time that's not yeah, it's mostly court-ordered.
Word, which is I think really encouraging in the sense of I think in maybe prior decades. He's girls would have been viewed as criminals and it's I think it is very good to hear that. They're being viewed as victims because it's absolutely what they are.
Uh-huh.
I wonder what you think. I in my actual neighborhood my actual neighborhood. There's like a reason it was someone ran for Queens ta and it was Tiffany caban, and she really inspired the neighborhood is you know, I live in the same district that I was Angie Ocasio Cortez came from and it's very very Engaged in kabbah know most won and lost by like a few dozen votes to someone from the old Queens County machine blah blah blah point being one of her main one of her main tent poles that she was pushing really hard that was making all these waves was that she wanted to decriminalize sex work and I wonder if you would have an opinion on that because I'm and one sense it would mean there'd be so much less.
People needed to live in the shadows or people having shame held over their heads and being able to get help the other sense. I feel like it could be a free-for-all. It's really hard to sort out my feelings on that someone who had to actually cast a vote thinking about it.
Yes, and that is that is a struggle for me too because I am very Pro sex workers, but I want to there's a completely different.
It's so different, you know the sex workers to then they are empowered by this but the it is not manipulation by an outside force or anything else there. There's it's a complete Detachment and I am all for sex work, but it also unfortunately does Does create more of a need for these underage girls to that are specifically asked for in that world. And so like from a work standpoint like working personal is different on that view for sure because I see these girls they're in my day the day but I also have friends that are sex workers and I fully support them to and what they do, so it's kind of like I just have to keep that separate for me as hard as it is, I guess.
It just it's a completely different world. These a lot of these girls, you know, they don't have developed Minds at all.
Yeah, that's when you said 14 to 16. He said it a couple times and it really clicked with me of like man your emotional development and your view of like you still believe in fairy tales, you know, you still believe in Fairytales versions of love when you're 14 years old like you're writing in a diary and your dotting your eyes with hearts and you're talking about boys and school and you're hoping they'll marry you and stay with you forever because you don't understand that when you're 14, you know, we're not living in the 1880s like the majority of people are not getting married when they're 14 years old when Happens it's viewed as a little bit Askew in Modern Times And to jump to to sort of like jump into The Fray and exploit girls who still have this like completely naive relationship with what love and sex are is just the height the height of evil the height of evil.
I think yeah, and a lot of these girls have a hard time integrating into to high school because what one of the people said today if you'd like a big thing like the girl who came to did training whether she is more one-on-one with the girls and talks more about their traffic experiences where like I'm not going to touch that situation or touch that topic unless the girl brings it up to me in the Moment Like that's completely up to them. But this Advocate, you know, she's like a big thing with these girls is that they can't rush into high school because they're they don't you know, most of their friends haven't had sex and they know their number and 87 and a big thing is our number that they know So yeah, sorry that number is still just like, you know for 14 to 16 year old just you know girls will tell you like I don't even know how many guys because I was just going in and out of being comatose as being some under some kind of drug and just waking up every time she would come awake and there would be another another guy. So my God.
Yeah, and it's like I love I love these girls. I can't say that like to them at all, but they have my heart but you know and I have to be I have to be the parent that they they haven't had so they don't usually like the staff because we're enforcing limited. We're holding them to structure but that structure they do crave that structure ultimately and And whatever they do share with us. I mean you're going to anyone who worked for the program that I do or any similar program that I do you're going to have your up and down days and you are going to create a bond with each and every one of the girls.
No matter how little or how long they stay sometimes the state can be two days. Like okay. This isn't this isn't the right fit for me. Let's find another shelter or this is going to be my home till I'm 18, and then I'm going to go into extended foster care and or they get adopted, you know, it's And I stay with them for 11 months and it's you just any don't get to have contact with them. Once they leave the program it is you know, that's the hardest part of my job but it is ultimately the most it's one of the most important things because you have to have boundaries you have to have that safe working relationship.
You can't get too personal with these girls. They can share everything person with you, but you still have to be restrictive because we are here for them. This isn't about was about them and how can we help them through their life, so So yeah, I mean it's like, you know, I celebrate with one of my co-workers. I was like, oh, this is the first girl that I like I was attached to and I didn't ball my eyes out when she left just like huh?
And there are some girls just like, you know, we're just like so glad when they leave because they just aren't adhering to the program and they're just not wanting to be there and if they don't want to be there and stick to the program, there's not much we can do right which is Hard too because I would imagine that it's disruptive and it might hurt the experience of the girls who are walking in but at the same time you're also aware.
I'm sure if like this any behavioral issues, you can't you're not really you can't blame someone who's been through all that, but it's still you have to get the job done.
Yeah, are you trained? I know I you hear stories a lot of times about flight attendants being trained to look for signals. That trafficking is happening. Is this something that you've you've been, you know trained in as well just because I feel like sharing that information to anyone listening for this might be really eye-opening.
I'm not sure if it's something you can see ya.
No, no, I totally can.
So I think like some of the biggest signs.
Would be that they are. Are they aren't doing the talking? They're letting the other person do the talking.
They don't they seem quiet and reserved they will have like their cell phone is really important to them too most times out on the streets and stuff and in the life and you can see that they maybe have access to all the clothing all the money all the food that they want but they still have restrictive access to their cell phone. That's a huge sign.
So if someone else in my life is If they have to ask to use a phone and get it handed to them. That type of thing.
Yeah that type of thing and it's also I mean or mean not even handed to you like know you aren't going to have it because you know, you can call whatever number symbol is that just write on or off. I'm going to I'm going to restrict you but is also like to the point where if you can tell like if they're now this is also kind of another thing because I do really I love I'm all for about body positivity body positivity and you can see that some of these girls that like they'll take Close and then they'll just like make it they'll cut him up and I'll make everything a little less skin here and that's fine. And you know, sometimes you have to differ between okay, or they just really loving their body right now or is this like for another reason right after that one of the things too?
Yeah, it is and a sick it is is they you know want they don't want to get beat up. They don't want to have their family get killed, you know, which is very real to and and I know there's a lot more but yeah, I'm also off I think part of my 12 our brain, of course overnight caffeine's wearing down I bet if I bet at the end of most 12 hours overnight shifts, your impulse is not I'm gonna get on the phone and explain this for an hour this thing I just went to you probably want to go home and I will another has been a few times where I've been I've been hoping after my overnight shift because like that's the only time that I'll see your tweets come through be like, oh I'll try to talk about it. And so it's kind of like yes, this is something that I do want people to hear because it is such a stigmatize thing and there isn't a lot of information out there. So I mean, please look it up and if I could tell you what state I'm in I would and just give you all these closer to go look it up, but I just don't feel comfortable with that.
Now we don't want to put anybody in a any sort of danger zone professionally personally and just A follow-up question of what we were just talking about if someone's in a situation where they're getting a sense that something's off. They're seeing a young girl and they're with someone and you're like this relationship doesn't this doesn't seem like a family thing this seems weird. This girl seems like her she's out of it.
And you're noticing some of these signs you mention what should people do?
I think what you the biggest organ organization isn't that the one of the houses is funded underneath it is the Safe Harbor Grant. So I think in every single state there are navigate.
There's Navigators all around the state that can like hook you up to whatever services in your community or in the region and they will give you the same kind of services that my program survive provides. So Safe Harbor Safe Harbor is what you want to go go.
Yes farmer. And in the in the moment, is it recommended in the moment? Do you try to you try to find a way to ask young person? Are you? Okay, do you? Nine-one-one it or is it just do what you have to do to trust your instinct that something's wrong because I feel like one of the scary things and one of the sad things especially for victims is we are all conditioned in society by and large I think to go.
I better keep my mouth shut that's none of my business and an interaction that you know, you might talk to someone for ten minutes and go something reels feels really off here and then spend, you know a long period long many months going I should have called the cops. Cops on that is it I feel like But you know, you don't you also don't want to put someone in more danger.
I don't know if there's um, there are very even in our region. There are a lot of specialized tests Force developments with the Safe Harbor Grant and like working with sex trafficking victims and it is always such a good idea to call if you see even just you just have that weird intuition because most likely that person might be We can't say anything. They're still going to defend their trafficker in the moment. You know, they're not going to tell you straight up most most likely and you can put yourself in danger to but if you can somehow even just grab an inconspicuous photo and like send it to your Police Department call them immediately and kind of track their location. That would be amazing because I have have a whole new. I mean, I have a whole new found respect for the detective that work with these traffic to Youth and their in it and there. I mean, they are never off. So I mean we've had even girls go on run and off-duty detective will be like, oh, yeah. I heard that go over the wire she was over in this corner, so I brought her in you know, and she comes in and is handcuffed and just like, oh, okay. See you and you know, she just screams. I hope you all fucking guy and you could just see that blank face, you know, she's it was it wasn't her in that moment, but she just needed to escape and she just had other demons that she needs to work through and these police officers and detectives are really doing a great job as I know is like the whole black lives matter. They need to work better on that.
But from what I've seen in my community that really stepped up. Their game with trafficking and exploitation Please tell me you have a hobby like I would love it.
If you were in a bocce ball league or something idea. What are you doing? No weekends.
I I I paint I paint that's good The Living Daylights out of my life. Yes.
Did you paint before this job when you graduate when you're in the jewelry retail world. Have you always been a painter? Have you noticed the oh, yeah has the tone or tenor of your paintings changed as you've entered this different world.
Can I go kind of morbid to be honest?
Let's go ahead and pause right now.
If she says I don't want to get more Vivid when we've been talking about some of the most Grim stuff happening on the planet.
Keep your ears peeled not a thing.
It is now check out these ads will be right back.
Have you ever needed a doctor late at night or while traveling? I know this feeling I travel all the time travel all the time. You get on a plane you feel fine. You get off the plane and all of a sudden something's hitting you you're in a city that you don't know it can be scary.
Right?
That's why I tell her doc gives you 24/7 access to board certified doctors anytime anywhere for non emergency conditions, like a sinus infection allergies flu rashes and more their board certified doctors can diagnose treat. And prescribed medication when medically necessary to be delivered to the pharmacy of your choice tell the doc is available through most insurance or employers at $45 or less a visit no appointments. No waiting rooms.
Now those germy urgent cares or expensive trips to the ER one of tell attacks testimonial States. I am an RN and I have little time for personal issues. Let alone being sick while caring for the ill this service called me after setting up an account and requesting and MD visit in minutes the service is actually amazing and I only wish I would have utilized it sooner.
There's a great review for you. Tell the doc is here to get you back to feeling your best no matter when or where you are download the app today or visit tella doc. Com stories to register today. So you're ready when you need a doctor's care or schedule a doctor visit today. Don't forget to download the app or visit Tela doc. Com stories.
Now let's finish off the conversation.
Has the tone or tenor of your paintings changed as you've entered this different world.
Can I go kind of morbid to be honest because I know there's a lot.
Yeah, why why why stuff now what what if I was like man, we don't we wouldn't want to go too dark with this call.
Okay, this is probably like, I don't know what it's not as bad, but I had a history of truancy. I did not want to go to school and I was in high school. I would go home and like my parents were like she only comes alive when she paints. So, you know, I worked out a thing where I can go school to work and I would come home and just paint for hours.
And but those were they were really dark and I would always try to paint how I cut myself and like mold the paint to get it all stacked up to be like just how the scars were and the color and I'd be mad if I couldn't get it that deep of a red. I'm like, it doesn't flow, right? Right, and this was rude it and real it.
So you were cutting in high school and you were at me trying to emulate the visuals of that in your painting.
Yeah, it was like a cry for help like please RT J. See what I'm going through and she did she did you know in my Sketchbook she would be like hey if you ever need to talk, I'm here at like if you're going for something so that was great for that. And now I'm just like bright colors all the time doodle shapes like it's not landscape, but it's not abstract. It's all like just non-objective and maybe some Botanicals I guess but lots of flowers so flowers and shapes.
Flowers and shapes and bright colors colors.
Oh, yeah, like pastels. Yeah. Yeah.
That sounds good. Yeah, and I actually just I live where I starting to get fall right now already like my I can see everything on my trees are changing colors. I was like, okay, I got to go pack everything in for winter. But this summer I have a little garden shed that I turned into what I call the back.
Backwoods Bungalow and now it's an old chicken coop that I turned into my painting space and I that's where I spend the time where I just need to like hash out some things on my mind or just get my mind off of work and just delve into the medium, but But it was yeah if it's fun to be able to create after a long hard day. Yeah, actually that's why I almost did after instead of calling. I mean instead of coming inside and like looking on my phone was so it's actually nice outside. I should just go and paint. Well, there's light and it's not raining.
I'm messing that one up. I'm glad you mentioned the painting the first if I had said like hey, do you have any hobbies and you were like, oh mostly a hangout in an old chicken coop. I would have been very concerned. So I'm glad you gave. The context of the backyard Bungalow first.
Oh, yeah. We have like electrical electrical cords on out there. I mean I have solar lights are going inside to so it's a pretty sweet deal. And I even like read out one of my old chairs at my cat store up in the back and you can't even tell so it's like anything in there. It can get messy. It's all everything's game.
So and it will get it will get paint on it.
That's good to have a backyard bunker.
Hello.
Yeah, that's good.
You said we you said we is this I've not asked one bit about your personal life and I feel like the reason it's brings to mind to is I have to wonder if between The field you work in and the schedule you work in if this doesn't affect one's ability to have it to have I would have to imagine that sometimes this stuff gets in your head when it comes to your own personal life.
Oh, yeah, you know and that's really yeah. I do have a husband we've been together for nine years. We actually met on PlentyofFish and it was a total it married for three years. And so that was another random thing. But yeah, it is really hard. Our schedules are completely opposite because also another thing with the girls is that these counselors can't have a set schedule because for The staff that the girls like might like better they all tend to go on run or they'll try to assault someone on the shift that maybe isn't the strongest staff.
So it's a constant rotation of random schedule whenever either 7 a. M. To 3 p. M. 3 p. M. To 11 p. M. Or 11 p. M. To 7 a. M. So and you know, you don't want I mean as much as I would love that structure I like Sure. It's just not good for the program and it really does affect my husband and I cuz it's just like I don't get to see him a lot and I we made it a really good deal of just like Ellie's hugging each other for like a minute each day. Just like when we see each other and then like that has really helped a lot because sometimes we'll just be in passing sometimes like he'll try to stay up and be like watching wrestling when I get home at night and you know, he's just already like so asleep just like oh, yeah.
Yes, and yeah, it is hard. But you know, it's it's also really nice too because My boss is one of my closest friends to and she really understands that work-life balance and she has never judged me once for saying like hey, I can only do three shifts this week or like I need some time off. She's totally respective of that and it's just like yeah sure we can make it work like we want you here you need to take care of yourself and these are important steps to take so don't work yourself ragged because then you won't be the best for the girls either and My company that I work for they do give I mean, I've only worked there for 11 months and they started out at three and a half weeks of PTO which is completely unheard of in the world of retail. So what spilling you that and oh pay time off opt?
Oh, okay. Yeah being a lifelong artist. I missed that one.
PTR the idea that you get to take time off. You don't take time off. You just sit in your head and you dwell on your own inadequacies. Do you don't ever get to take time off from that's my life. I wish I had and I don't want to pry too much after wonder. It sounds like your husband.
Is a good man, it sounds like I'm prioritizing maintaining that connection and difficulty with schedule are there times to where you do have free time together and your Are you able to are you able to basically separate that life or do you sometimes have to turn them and go? Hey, I'd love to be more engaged on this date right now what I said last night. I heard the worst thing I've ever heard. I'm sorry. Like I would have to imagine that might happen.
Oh, yeah. It's happened several times. Just like, you know, there's nice that I'll come home crying and just like I can't believe just what happened like I'm still shaking and like Yeah all we sometimes the girls don't really want to be there and I take it out on sap. Luckily for me. It's only been verbally but staff do get assaulted sometimes.
But yeah, we he can totally read me to his like you know what I love it. I was like, yeah, he's like, okay cool and just like doesn't need to go into more of it because he does deal with a lot of anxiety and depression with himself to so that's another nice thing about having friends of co-workers do is that they understand that you don't have to try to explain it to them. They just get it because it's a whole nother world. That is so indescribable.
Yes, I can do this hour-long phone call with you, but it's just the tip of the iceberg and I did start to share stories with my husband. He's like I I love what you're doing, but I just can't hear the day in and day out of your work because I can't and I totally respect that. So yeah, we have I mean it's taken us some time, but we can we definitely can tell when one or the other is off and just kind of be like hey you need alone time or like Sakura paint tonight. Yep, and then we'll have dinner and then we'll hold rods wrestling or soccer and then I'll go and paint a dough rest anxious man who likes rest me depressed anxious wrestling family and your husband would be fast friends, huh?
I have told him that so many times. Yeah.
I'm watching NXT pondering the said pondering the inevitability of this world's propensity to crush one soul. And then we'll watch while watching Sami Zayn do is dive in DDT through the ropes from the outside. Anyway, your husband have this has been have oh go for it.
He's super into the attitude area era feel like he's going way back to all of the old school and just like watching them from beginning to end.
I mean just like he's got the network. He's got the network. Yes, he does.
Yes. Thank you. There's a shot.
You got to let them know about this. It's a little bit buried on the network. It's called Legends of Wrestling You're Gonna Want to let him know I recommend Legends of Wrestling. He probably knows about it, but it's this like he'll know about it, but it's this show where they just Like four or five old wrestlers and they sit around and they tell stories about the old days and I think that's what I love. That's the best and a lot of these guys came up in like the 70s when wrestlers when it was like you're not on TV every week. You're like doing a show in Omaha, then you gotta drive overnight to Amarillo, Texas had you getting paid $40 for each show and sleeping in your car and he's gettin beat up night after night. Oh my God brutalized and these guys don't even eyes how like they all get going and there's four or five of them and they forget that there's people watching this and they don't understand how bizarre their lifestyle is active to normal humans.
And yes, it's an amazing show.
It's wild and oftentimes inappropriate and I love it so much.
Well, I mean that's kind of what it's all about. I mean, it's just I can't imagine like I look back on like the 90s and 80s. I'm like the amount of tip. So they showed on television would never be allowed now or that's like not the 90s 90s era wrestling is like Ami to nightmare and wrestling is rooted historically and racism.
That's a not right? That's another aspect of it as well. It's just like yeah, you know like Hulk Hogan was named Hulk Hogan because it's an Irish name and in the New York territory would be like Bruno Sammartino versus Hogan and the whole point was to try to get Italian people and Irish people to buy tickets to see which ethnic group was better. That was that was how the New York territory. As the name of Pedro Morales are you'll notice the old-school 70s WWE, you know before when it was the wwwf all the Champions. Yeah ethnic names back then and it's because it's can we get Ivan Putski?
Can we just go polish Hammer of his whole like skiing from someone else Superstar Billy Graham like yes. Yeah.
Me and your husband does your husband have a ridiculous glasses and a comically large forehead.
Yes, he does. He does. He's so mad. He's like, okay, whenever I try to take photos of her face, he's like you're chopping off my hair.
Yeah, I did it on purpose. I do that you guys all know this beautiful honest fans. If you follow me on Instagram to get the show forever, you'll notice I often especially as my hairline is really, you know, I started this show in 2016 sadly I had more hair than and I now craftily try to get all the pictures close up enough where my hairline And forehead are blocked by a microphone or headset.
Yes, the ark he's an old crop.
Oh, yeah, they focused on the face or just like a close up of an eye and hope people think that that's somehow like a creative Choice like I'm trying to be artsy. No, it's just that I look at pictures of my own forehead and get sad. That's what's going on Instagram.
Yes you and my husband would have a lot of commonality in that as well.
Yeah, and for anybody listening In right now who's going? Why are they rambling about wrestling and foreheads when we've had such an intense and interesting call. This is like the last eight minutes of the call where I reserve the right to just try to get you to laugh a few times so that I feel like I've done because that's what I feel like the role of a comedian is I feel like comedians are not important.
I feel like there's all these think pieces. Everybody wants to talk about The importance of comedy comedy is not important outside of the fact that we get to give people like you a good laugh. We get to give you a laugh. Yeah hard-working people and people doing good and people feeding their families and people with hard lives and people working in the service of others.
I get to make you laugh. That's why I do what I do.
That's the whole point. Yeah. Thank you. You do like you have told me turn me on into the podcasting realm of comedy and to stand up comedy into other. Chris gethard show is just like all of these things that like open my eyes. So like you saying that Tommy doesn't matter. Okay, maybe in the big scheme. Well, I don't know I think in the big scheme of things that it does because everything is if everything is so heavy. Oh what kind of I mean that's hard that's really not fun to live through and if you can't laugh, oh, I need that stimulation to laugh because a lot of my a lot of my mental thoughts just is so depressive and that is a lot of what do to better serve these girls.
So if I can just turn on some stand-up or a comedy podcast and get my brain flowing and that way it really does matter. Yeah. Well, it's important.
It's important, but it's tangential. It's important in the support. Way and it's a service industry and comedians are forgetting that too much the past few years. It's about our ego. I don't get no offense to anybody who's much bigger and richer than I am but I don't I don't ever want to do comedy in a football stadium.
I want it to be in a small room where I can look you in the eye and I can find the person who looks the most tired or the most exasperated or the most just done with it or the person who's there by themself and I can go this show is for you. We are the support.
We are that we don't fight. Don't fly the jet.
We refuel the plane, you know, we're the ones there to help the people like you I'm inspired by you. You're you're doing the real work that I could never do. I'm just glad to hear that. I've given you a couple of laughs along the way because Mandy of deserve them Mandy.
Thanks.
I've been working there 11 months you have you gotten any vacations yet? I they must give you a decent vacation time, right?
Yeah. Well, I mean, that's what PTO s PTO is the vacation.
Yeah when you get that PTO. Are you just like we're going all-inclusive resort. I don't want to lift the finger. I want to swim.
I want to swim up to a bar and get a strawberry daiquiri. That's what I want. Yeah. Yeah. I wish I also this is a really hard time because it's towards the end of the call, but I also never graduated college because I was misdiagnosed with narcolepsy. Well in college, and it was actually just so I didn't graduate. A college and I said ninety one thousand dollars in debt of student loans that obviously you can't declare bankruptcy with no. No, I don't ya tell everyone out there. If you aren't feeling college right now wait, there are plenty of jobs that you can do apprenticeships or like you can do even what I can do. What I'm doing now is I can get my hours so I can actually become a mental health practitioner without going to school. I just have to put in more hours than the People that do go to school for it, but it's all attainable and there are different Avenues and another thing sorry just to like put on the end as if you aren't feeling like your medication is helping you advocate for a different doctor because something probably is wrong and for my instance like they misdiagnosed me with narcolepsy, and it was just that I was on a crap ton of allergy medicine and depression medicine. I was sleeping 18 hours a day. A and never going into my run cycle and that was unfortunately found out like as I was leaving college, but it is totally worth the whole journey of it. So beware of all those things that a lot of farmers dismissed, that's crazy.
So you have a couple couple too many nips of Benadryl and now you owe the man $91,000.
That's yeah, that's a bummer. Yeah, and I was they labeled me cuz because of my anxiety depression is that I just had chronic pain. So I actually had a herniated disc and the worst arthritis but doctor had seen in someone my age when I was 21 and he's like I didn't believe you. I thought you were just making all your pain up, but I actually you have all this so that goes that ties in with the mental health. Both communities that keep trying a different doctor because someone is going to run a test. I don't think is going to come out positive and it might and then you'll be able to have a lot more answers move on from life.
I am with you. There's someone very very important to me in my personal life who was on medications for a few years and then just add a new Doctor Who's very pretty there? Yes. Hi. Are you there?
Oh, no.
Hi.
Oh, no. This can't be held this Collins. Oh.
Hello, I hear you for a second.
I hear you the whole time for such a beautiful call and such a beautiful color. This is the saddest way for this Ted.
Oh hi, can you hear me?
I can hear you what just happened there.
I have no idea. I haven't moved all hours. I'm not sure.
All right, we're going to give this one an extra minute because I just want to say a couple of things which is one I'm with you because someone in my personal life to switch medications They're all God.
Oh, no, say whatever you want to say. I will listen to the podcast because here this on the podcast give me an extra minute.
Okay, you'll hear this on the podcast someone in my personal life just switch medications. It has turned their life around I'm with you absolutely also put this out here. Yeah weird idea just came up with this one off the top of my head. Not Pat myself on the back. Hey, maybe if people dedicate their lives to others in certain fields, we can have some sort of forgiveness.
This program where the government covers your student debt. I if you become a teacher or someone who works with trafficking victims or someone who works in public service that maybe we can find ways to forgive $91,000 with debt what it's doing now. I'm also with you that college isn't extremely important thing.
I have gone on record in numbers time saying that I don't recommend it. My wife has got furious with me, especially as we have a son now where she's like there's about 400 examples of you and your dumb podcast TV show saying, If college no, we don't come on but you are right. I think that there's things like community colleges. There's things like trade schools. There's things like taking a gap year to really find out your priorities.
Most of all what I want to say on our way out the door is that I know in your daily life. You probably can't think yourself like this, but from the outside you are hero you helping victims you helping people have no advantages you helping people whose whole lives aren't uphill battle. You're doing more than most.
And it's a really incredible thing and you're real incredible person and I hope you do listen to the podcast and hear that part and I'll it really Rings true.
Oh thanks for is. No you haven't materialized. It's been so great talking to you and hearing your perspective on what my life is. I appreciate all that you do.
I'm so sorry that that conversation ended with the audio cutting out as I tried to pump the pump the collar up all of it stuff. I feel so truthfully that collar is really doing good for the world color.
Thank you for doing the hard work that not all of us are have the emotional capacity to do thank you so much. Thank you. Harry Nelson in the booze holding it down that Hill Carnival is already off in London gallivanting around leaving us here on the bag. Teri okita shell shag for the music you wanna know about me and when I'm out on the road Chris Jeff. Com I'll surely so there you want help the show go to Apple podcasts rate review subscribe.
It really helps when you do.
next time on beautiful anonymous As a tribute to a very respectful tribute to your dad my version of what that must sound like in a cockney accent would be like hi.
Everybody happy to be back in the pub shit County Porsche good. That's a cockney accent in my mind.
Why was the end?
Was that closer now?
It started so well and then it just got worse from there.
You just described so many of my projects so many of my professional Endeavors it started so well and then just went off the rails. That's next time on beautiful anonymous.
On the first anniversary of her dad passing away, this weeks caller spoke to Gethard about how cool her dad was and how her family grieved the loss. Meanwhile, she provides an explainer on British culture and accents that leads to Geths laughable take at cockney. This episode is brought to you by Bombas (www.bombas.com/STORIES), Teladoc (www.teladoc.com/stories), and Bayer.
READ LESS
Hello London podcast Festival. It's beautiful. Anonymous one hour one phone call. No names no holds bar buddy.
Chris gathered here to thank everybody commenting in the beautiful anonymous Facebook group, which you really should. And it's become such a laid-back thing people discuss episodes and throughout other topics from time to time except low commitment group with ton of listeners. And thank you all for joining everybody in there was very very supportive of the traffic episode. It was a very tough one to here and a lot of people telling me I went on a big self-righteous rant about how there should be debt forgiveness programs for people in public service and a lot of people reached out and told me those do exist.
So that's good to know. I I should know things before I fly off the handle, but guess what this show isn't researched or pre-produced or anything that I'm just rolling with the punches other people than also tell me yet. There are debt for forgiveness programs. They tend to be maybe a little bit hard to navigate at times though. So I will stand by the idea that those should be things that are better.
Anyway, this week's episode. It was a live call that we did in London as part of the London podcast Festival. I want to thank everyone who showed up to that show and I also announced on stage. I'm a big fan and Those which we don't have in the state's I think maybe there's one or two in the state's now but none of them are near me.
Nando's is a is a sort of I would say maybe like an Applebees equivalent in England and I think maybe people in England are sort of like you and those is fine. But Americans tend to be like we don't have Nando's. So we love it. I said on stage. We're going to Nana's Jared and I went to Nando's after the show a whole bunch of people probably like a solid dozen or so different fans of the show showed up one of them was A prior collar.
It was really fun to eat. Nando's with you guys actually flew into London landed showered at the venue. Did the show eight Mandos went and crashed for about 5 hours and then flew back to New York because I'm a little bit obsessed with hanging out of him hanging out with my son my baby, so I don't want to be away from right now. So that's that. Anyway, this call is really great and heartfelt. It's largely a caller remembering her dad who is Sadly not with us anymore and just hear about who she is how her dad informed who she is who he was some of the fond memories. She has of him. It was really beautiful and think a lot of the people in the room felt like oh, right. We have to face down this idea of grief at some point and she did such an amazing job of walking us through that and I think really honored her dad.
I want to say right out of the gate. I've never been good at accents. So I apologize to anybody who has offended by but my attempts at Them and I want one of the really interesting sort of sub trends of this call was seeing there's so many, you know, there's notoriously so many class politics in the United Kingdom and it was so cool for me to be in front of Allied crowd that was responding to this idea of different accents and what they sort of indicate about different groups throughout England and meanwhile, I'm standing up there is an ignorant American with no idea.
So it's really that side of it was pretty fun to navigate for me. Anyway. Enjoy the call.
Thank you for calling beautiful Anonymous a beeping noise will indicate when you are on the show with the host.
Just hello.
Hello. Hi.
Hi there. Okay, this is a little bit surreal.
Well, I hope in a good way. I hope you're not.
I hope you're not.
Instantly regretting that you chose to do this because I'm psyched you're here. Yeah, I'm like deeply disappointing.
I didn't cool 50 times or anything. It's like I'm so disappointed right now.
You're just playing it cool. Listen before we get into it. I think you if you called you saw when I when I posted online about it, but we are at the London podcast Festival. So there's a crowd watching don't be intimidated. They're all very nice and I think they're rooting for you.
Okay?
No, I'm so glad that's pretty cool.
All right. Yeah, so otherwise we're just going to have a nice talk like usual. They might throw some questions at me along the way via VIA the internet the system we have set up but what's going on? What would you like to talk about?
Okay, so I've kind of wanted to make this call for a year now probably longer. I've been listening to the show for so long, but You know when you always think you have something to talk about until the next big thing happens and I think this time last year is when my big thing happened. So you had a so effectively in three days is the first anniversary of my dad passing away.
I'm so sorry and that's kind of that's okay, but that's what I wanted to talk about. I guess just because I think it's worth talking about and I love my dad a lot. And I think it's something that a lot of people would be interested in. I'm quite young obviously. I'm not going to go too far into like how old I am but I'm pretty young at University at the moment.
And so it's pretty unusual. I think to lose a parent when you're this age, especially one that you were really close to so I thought it might be interesting for people to hear about or just might be quite cathartic for me to talk about I guess.
Yeah, let's let's do it.
I'm I'm interested to hear your story.
And I know I know I'm Maya and I both of my parents are still with me, but it's it's been like a long-standing trigger of my own anxiety. My whole life is like, oh my God my one day. Yeah one day my parents are going to go. It's a nerve-racking thing and I'm sorry you had to deal with it so young.
No, don't worry.
Yeah, I think so. I felt go into the context a little bit. So I had just gotten back to University like three days before my dad had dropped me off and it was all very normal and my dad's one of those really like I guess spunky people who's just kind of doesn't, you know, hold their tongue and genuinely three days before he had dropped me off at University and then shouted at my University landlord and basically been like this house is not Safe enough, you need to change the doors. This is my daughter, which is very much like how he was and so he was just completely normal and everything was fine.
And then three days later I heard this is kind of weird, but basically my boyfriend and I my ex boyfriend and I had broken up the day before and then the next morning. I got a call from my mum. We're basically she had to tell me that my dad had had heart failure and that Found him like at the bottom of the stairs in our house and it was from like a pre-existing condition that he had no idea he had and so it was like completely unexpected.
Wow, that's a That's a real bad week. That's a real.
Yeah, it really was it was weird. And I think like one of the craziest things for my housemate. So I was living with at the time. They all basically came out of their bedrooms to find me like on the floor like sobbing and they were like, oh my God this girl this boyfriend like was wrong with her and can I ask were you what year of University where he was?
These people you knew and had chosen to live with who you'd already met know these these were the Chosen Few it was fine. This wasn't a brilliant.
They just found me.
They were like this guy was not that cool.
You're gonna find someone so much better probably looking at me honestly and I think for them it clipped when they saw like, I think people talked about the kind of sobs of someone who's grieving and how it's very different. To like normal crying and I think for them they like came out and they were like, oh this isn't like normal tears. This is like serious and So eventually like I couldn't really get a lot out, but eventually I basically had to be like, yeah, my dad is dead and they had seen him literally like three days before and they were like, okay, obviously they were really good about it, but they I think for them like they would more confused than I was And so yeah, it was really weird really surreal.
Well, yeah, that's that's really unimaginable and to here and you know this idea that it was something that no one knew existed and then by the time you find out exactly what how did that I'm not trying to be too facetious. But just because you did paint the picture in comparison to The Break-Up, like did that guy ever come back and try to be like, hey, I just really think I just really think we have something and you had to be like, hey I have moved on I can so many different.
He's very sweet. So we actually only broke up because we were going to have to be long distance for quite a while and we didn't just think we could handle it. We didn't think it would be like good for us mentally and so it was like a mutual friendship breakup and it was all fine. And actually I called him.
I was planning on not calling him at all and just letting him like who's going to Italy for a year and I was kind of like, you know going to let him go off and not have to think about it and I was with my mum the kind of the first night when I got home. Home and she basically was like, yeah, I should probably call him just let him know like he cares about you he'd want to know so then he came over the next day.
Like I called him and he was over within two hours just to kind of like hug me and that was nice.
I'll look at that.
He was good. You know, we're not together. We're still kind of not together. We never got back together. But like, you know, I'm still happy that I have him as a friend and you really helped like that day. I really needed him. So that's pretty good to have somebody Step Up.
Like that, that's really nice. Yeah, no.
No, he was brilliant. I mean like obviously it meant that for ages. I just kind of forgot that we'd broken up as in like because I had this other thing that was so much more important people would be like our house. You know, what's his name or whatever and I'd be like, okay sign and is wouldn't talk about The Break-Up very much right because it seems so unimportant like Completely.
Yeah, it seems like the most trivial thing in the world. Whereas a week prior. It would have been the most important thing in the world.
No, absolutely. I mean, that's what I mean when I said that kind of I'd had all these things I wanted to talk about up until I had that one thing I mean like so I had like my wisdom tooth out halfway through the summer and I've been open airing like I'd been babysitting in Spain and they'd massively mistreated me and then my Father passed away after a long battle with Alzheimer's and that it all like kind of felt like the worst thing in the world and then the worst thing happened and I think like, you know, when you're really young and you feel dramatic about really stupid things and then like you have one grief and then you have the grief and it's kind of, you know, everything piles up and you don't realize and so yeah a breakup is just deeply unimportant in the grand scheme of things.
Yeah, the wisdom tooth seems like a vacation.
Honestly. I thought it was awful at the time and literally afterwards I was like, okay, come at me. What else is there?
I don't just a quick tangent not to make it about me when I got my wisdom. Teeth. I go ahead. I got three wisdom teeth out at the same time. And then when I was being driven home, I felt very sick. And I this is gross. I don't know why I'm telling this in front of a life. Go ahead and add comfort of a studio. This would be a one on one moment where we would share but now I'm realizing he's growing on me.
I told the person driving me. Hey, I'm going to be sick. You have to stop and I jumped out of the car. And you know, I was very I was still sort of all doped up and I was on painkillers and I like jumped out of their car and we were in front of someone else's house and I just grant ran onto the front lawn of this house in the suburbs of New Jersey and vomited up blood.
What was clearly blood and then I looked up and there was a person the woman in the house looking at me and then I got back in the van. My I was being driven in a van. I jumped back in the van and it's sped away and I was only like night. I was 18 or 19 at the time and I looked much much younger for my age.
So I have always wondered like from the perspective of that New Jersey housewife teenage boy almost escaped a kidnapping on her front lawn. And then yeah. A teenage boy jumped out threw up blood made eye contact with her and then was just inexplicably like I'm gonna get back in this van.
Yeah. She's probably worried forever if that little boy was okay. So if you're listening I'm fine lady. And yeah, so tell me tell me Tell me how things change do you go back to University do you how does this bounce-back happen? How does life go on?
Yeah, so I did go back so I came home for about 10 days. And in that time I was very much like what do I do? Do I completely drop out do I, you know drop out for a bit and go back but I think my dad the biggest thing I can tell you about. My dad is he was in Only proud of me and that was one of the things that really kept me going.
Like when I was a kid, he'd always liked most about me to his friends and be really big about it. And I hated it. Like I absolutely hated it and it made me feel so uncomfortable and I'd be like, uh, like please stop. I hate this and then after he died, I realized that everything I did I did to make him proud.
And so I was like, oh that's why I was doing that stuff. It's because I like Liked that he was so happy when I was happy. And so I was like, okay, we're going back to University. Wow.
So you're Medias. That's that's really interesting to me. So you you were feeling certain feelings of just sort of like Dad stop like those those feelings that all kids have and then you immediately you were able to realize that your feelings went deeper than that in a way. You hadn't understood prior it took me awhile.
Yeah, it took me quite a while. All of kind of people, you know the funeral and that kind of been coming up to me and being like Oh, you know, he was so so proud of you and like I knew that, you know, I'd have people saying that to me for years, but it was after he died. I was like, you know when they would say that to me instead of feeling sad it would make me feel so much better and I was like, oh that's why it's because he can't say it to me anymore, but they're reminding me that that's why I did what I did and so I think that's what triggered.
It like people telling me that he was proud of me. I was like, oh, I know that's why I did.
Oh, you know, yeah are there are there things that you still do still participate in that are still driven by that feeling that he would be proud of you for doing it.
Yeah, I mean, so I do like student radio at my University and I remember so one of the big things the reason I joined student radio because I'm really Into rugby and I got into rugby kind of to spite my dad because basically all of the other so I'm the youngest of four and I'm one of two girls and all of the others are really not into their rugby. My dad's very into rugby. And so when I was younger he tried on the first son like, you know, you should really like rope but he didn't like it. Try it on my sister. She kind of likes it but like not to the same degree. He did try my brother.
You know would buy them all the merch and all of the stuff and then didn't try with me because he just couldn't be bothered and so because he was like, she's the final daughter. She's not going to care.
And so basically when I was 15, there was kind of a big rugby event going on in England. I feel like I've just given away my age, but we're not going to go into that. Anyway, there was a something big going on in England and he went to all the matches and I To spite him started watching one of them and started live texting him about the teams that were playing and being like Oh, that was amazing. Did you see that? Did you see this?
And he was like, he takes me back and he was like you actually watching this or are you just taking the Mick and I was like, oh no I'm watching I'm really enjoying this and then I just got obsessed and that made him so happy and like it took him a while to kind of realize but I was not joking and I genuinely loved it as much as he did.
And so when I got into radio it was specifically because I wanted to talk about rugby with someone who wasn't my dad and he thought that was so cool that I was the only girl on the like radio team that wanted to talk about sports.
Basically Jim I reiterate I believe you said you start you you started watching rugby to you specifically set out to spite him by enjoying it.
Also, enjoys no, okay, but it was mostly because I was like, why is it that my brother has a thousand rugby hoodies and I have none and you never even tried to make me like it. So I was like, okay. I'm a like it more than you. I'm going to know more than you about this thing. You don't want me to like I'm going to show you.
I'm in a love something you love harder than you love it. That'll put you in your place. Do you have comes out he really like Like that really happy. Is there any part of you that wonders like if he was trying so because it's funny my dad just had this conversation with me where I was like, I can't wait to get my kid into Star Wars and Marvel comic books and my dad was like good luck.
Your kids will like nothing you like my dad's like, I love DC Comics and Star Trek and all you ever talked about was Marvel Comics and Star Wars. Do you think there's any level where your dad was like? Oh the three older ones. I tried so hard and it didn't work. Maybe I can. Can trick the young one like do you see any part of you that thinks this was yeah, what's that?
You can reverse psychology me into loving all his favorite thing.
Yeah, like if if I act like I don't want her to like the things that she will invariably at some age rebel against Me by becoming my friend like that coming by.
Yeah, I mean knowing him that is exactly what he was doing. But at the same time he was so shocked that I actually liked it and it was it wasn't just kind of like a low-key enjoyment. It was like the reason I chose the university I chose is because I like the professional rugby team in that City. What is it?
Basically you can do that now, I went to a rugby match, you know that rugby in the states is not a very big sport. I think so.
No, of course, I mean that's why I'm trying not to go too far into details because I feel like they'll be like what?
No, I mean first of all though, there's an entire crowd here that will get to watch me not know what the hell you're talking about and that might be fun for them. But I will say I once I did shows I did the Edinburgh Fringe in 2016 and then afterwards my wife and I we went and drove all over Ireland and we were in Galway and we were staying down the street from field a pitch. I don't even know what it's called where there was a rugby match we went and Watch it, and I'll say to the American I rugby is a very long fist fight.
That's what it looks. It. Just looks like a very long fight that's is that's it's sort of looks like a sport that we would recognize in that there's a ball and you have to move forward but it seems to be a lot of very beefy men in small shorts, but you have to fighting you have to move forward, but the ball has to move backwards.
Which is fun, huh?
It's pretty it's pretty it's pretty gruesome. It's pretty gruesome. It's like very fun to watch people play honesty.
The players don't care. They'll play with that are ripped off for half the match until the records like you literally have to go like so now Yeah, I would be scared to play it although I have a friend who played in college people play in college in the States.
But there's you know, that's about I don't think there's much like much of a pro scene and my friend told me that American football people people play at University, but don't really kind of Go Pro or anything. Oh, I didn't think anyone played any American football friends.
Does it ya know he loves it. He absolutely loves it. Wow.
I had no idea. I thought people were just kind of vaguely mad that we call it football.
I mean, yes underlying but no people play it. I don't I don't watch it either. It's kind of second tier rugby, but we won't go into that American football second-tier rugby.
That would be a good slogan for the NFL to adopt my friend told me that my friend who played rugby throughout his university years College Years, we would say he told me that part of the joy is You go out you absolutely are fist fighting other people you're throwing cheap shots. You're trying to hit them in their genitals. You're trying to like put your thumb in between the ribs and not get in trouble punch people.
But after the match you go with those same people and you drink until you're blind and then you sing songs and that's the fun part.
No literally and the crowd does exactly the same thing. Like, I don't know if you know about the kind of controversies with British football, whereby, you know, there's always when The crowd they have to separate the home and the away fans with like lines of police officers just to prevent their being fistfights. Whereas with rugby even at like International level like the highest level you'll get you'll turn around and they'll be like, you know some Australian rugby fans that right behind you and if you score a try which is kind of like a touchdown essentially they'll be like, do you want to get a beer like our congrats? That was so good. Like I'll buy you the next round or whatever and it's just so cool like It's just the best atmosphere in the world.
Who knew the sport as visually violent as rugby created such warmth amongst its fans yet. Another thing we've learned here other things you can learn are about different products and services check out these eggs use the promo code that really helps the show when you do we'll be right back.
When you're busy like we all are the first thing that falls to the bottom of the list tends to be taking care of yourself people tend to say I have time or money for that but talk space online therapy is the most convenient and affordable way to get the support of a licensed therapist talk space matches you with a licensed therapist based on your needs and preferences with thousands of licensed therapists trained in over 40 Specialties available.
Send your licensed therapist texts audio Sure or video messages from your phone or computer. Whenever you need to you don't have to make appointments everything happens within talk spaces secure platform all on your schedule therapy turned my life around I started doing it when I was 23 years old and I turn 40 this year.
It's a massively important thing in my life. I know so many people who say the same thing, and I'm so happy that talk space has been not just us. Supporter of this show but a supporter of finding modern ways to allow people to take care of their mental health. What a beautiful thing. The bottom line is that life can be hard and talk space wants to give more of us chance to get the support. We need at a price we can afford so listener of this podcast. You can get $100 off your first month on talk space to match with your perfect therapist. Go to talk space. Com or download the app, make sure to use the code beautiful to get $100 off your first month and show your support. For the show that's beautiful at talk space. Com.
Have you ever needed a doctor late at night or while traveling? I know this feeling I travel all the time travel all the time. You get on a plane you feel fine. You get off the plane and all of a sudden something's hitting you you're in a city that you don't know it can be scary. Right? That's why I tell the doc gives you 24/7 access to board certified doctors anytime anywhere for non emergency conditions, like a sinus infection allergies flu rashes and more that are board certified doctors can diagnose treat.
And prescribed medication when medically necessary to be delivered to the pharmacy of your choice tell the doc is available through most insurance or employers at $45 or less a visit no appointments. No waiting rooms. None of those germy urgent cares or expensive trips to the ER one of tell the docs testimonial States.
I am an RN and I have little time for personal issues. Let alone being sick while caring for the ill this service called me after setting up an account and requesting and MD visit in minutes the service is actually amazing and I only wish I would have utilized it sooner. There's a great review for you.
Tell the doc is here to get you back to feeling your best no matter when or where you are download the app today or visit Tela doc. Com stories to register today. So you're ready when you need a doctor's care or schedule a doctor visit today. Don't forget to download the app or visit Tela doc. Com stories.
Thanks to everybody who advertises on beautiful Anonymous.
Let's get back to this conversation live from London and it's just so cool.
Like it's just the best atmosphere in the world.
I will just say I don't know much about the relationship between the UK and Australia, but at least when it comes to sports fandom the way you just said the word Australian was very revealing. You're like the, you know, you'll wind up in the stands and some Australians will be sitting behind you.
You didn't honestly I just said anyone's teeth. Like anyone's country named that way. It's about to be the Rugby World Cup in literally like a matter of days. And so all of the teams are dead to me except England does the u. S.
Send a team to the Rugby World Cup do we even try they do in fact, I think the u. S.
Is in the same pool of us. So you're going to be the first team we be Well, I would imagine that's true.
I would imagine that's true. It's not our supporters. But if you want to come play fake rugby, we will destroy you.
Okay? Okay, I'll hold you to that and not even bother to argue.
Now. You've educated me a little bit on Rugby. That was one of the main points you want to talk about as far as your relationship with your dad. Let's get back on track with that. What are the other things someone just someone tweeted something that I thought? It was really was really I thought just a cool Broadway to put it or just what what do you remember your dad? Most form? What do you want your dad to remember be remembered most for?
I think I guess his Charisma like he had the ability to kind of make everyone in the room find him either absolutely horrendous or the most enthralling person in the world, which I think is a massive Talent.
Because they're my dad. So my dad was from the East End of London and if people don't know, you know, there's a bit of kind of controversy there. It's usually when he was first starting work, it was massively looked down upon to be from that area, and he really wanted to get into business and he you know, he didn't want to change his voice. There's like an accent associated with the East and he didn't want to change his voice and so he Changed himself. So he would be the most charismatic person in the room with a cockney accent and he'd still say the things that he would say, you know down the pub with his mate and he would still insult people who he didn't kind of, you know, if someone insulted him he would insult them back but people loved that and I think a lot of people that was like his sense of humor and so people would either have like the reaction where they just never talk to him again or the majority would end up being like this guy's really cool. Like this guy is really interesting.
And so I think I mean one of the best examples is all of the teachers at my school. I went to a very Posh School Bus the accent which is horrendous and I'm really sorry about that. But yeah, so I went to a really kind of fancy school and so my dad would turn up, you know with his Cockney accent and with his really rude Jokes, and he would talk to like my school principal or like the teachers and afterwards they just talked about him for weeks.
And like I hate it in the same way that I hated when he would kind of tell people how proud he was of me or whatever. I literally would be like, oh God like I'd see a teacher that I'd seen him talking to her like, you know, like a parent's meeting or at a school play. I was in or something and he you know, he's completely charm them and then four days I would have like a teacher coming up to me and being like Oh, I've been emailing your dad what a cool guy and I literally hated it.
I just had a very delightful experience and I'm glad this is a live show because when you started to explain where your dad was from and his insistence on using his Cockney accent, I started to hear some knowing stifled Giggles from the crowd as I heard a large number of people in this room go like yeah. I know the type of guy she's talking about. I heard people start to recognize that and then when you said you went to a posh School hence the accent there was a big laugh whereas to me.
Does all British it just said but everybody here was like yeah, we knew she went to a rich kid School everybody in the room is like we could tell where is um, I feel Americans are particularly bad at sensing accents. Right? Like we are not good at that. I found that that we just hear everything we're like that but that's very American isn't it? Right where like you don't sound like our movies and that's like how far we take it.
Yeah you are from somewhere. That is not America. Whereas you guys are like, oh I can tell that you're from except for like from web experience. I can tell that you're from between 27 and 38 kilometers west of London based on your eyes and say, oh you're from a specific part of Northern about Northern Ireland. I can tell what it is because it's completely indecipherable between like 27 and 30 kilometers west of London.
I don't think he could have pinpointed where I live any better.
What can I say? I'm very good. I'm very lucky a lot of people think this is just random phone calls. At the end of the day, I am very good at what are you know, you're to pinpoint where I am. Yeah, it's whether you could use that little bit of trivia. Well, you know sometimes you know, I pay my bills doing this or doing comedy and then some point I have my my street blessing. I swear I'm known as the human GPS where I hear people's accents. I'm able to tell pinpoint exactly the latitude and longitude of where their accents is rooted in.
No, that was just an eerie coincidence. I apologize.
So your dad in company with I was like, okay now you're dead.
I'm just glad I was smart enough to switch it to kilometers and not say miles in a way. That would have gotten everyone met. So your dad he comes in he knows how to take over the room. He knows how to run the show people might be Charmed by it people might be put off by it. He does not care. He's gonna be who he is. He's gonna do what he does. Yeah that has to be a really inspiring thing to look back and remember absolutely.
I mean the way that he got to where he was, you know, because I went to Rich girls school the way that he could afford that is by going right from the bottom to the top as opposed to Drake who started like mid-tier and then got the top my dad really started at the bottom and worked so so hard and that's why he sounded like that and I sound like this and that not something I've ever been ashamed of because I know how hard he works to be able to afford to kind of put me into School that I was so desperately wanted to go to and so, you know, that's something that I find inspiring the fact that he used his voice. He used his Charisma to get him to where you know to where I want it to be if that makes sense.
And so that's something that yeah, I find massively inspiring and do you think was there a part of him that was like happy to bring you around like his old friends and be like check out my Posh daughter like was there that sort of things I guess so. I think I mean he loved the name of my school. He just you know, anytime he could just be like my daughter goes to X.
You know, my daughter goes here. Everyone would be like, oh I've heard of that school that England like if someone's heard of that school then it's cool.
Let me ask you and you have not named it. I'm not asking you to name it because you're setting your own boundaries. I respect it. Is it a school that if you said it everyone in this room would be like who?
Would they know it in my spirit that they'd be like, I think the issue would be more of an are you so it was that Posh it was that level of I don't know. I love my school. I loved it so so much but the people that went to it besides me and my immediate circle of friends. I find repulsive.
Wow, it's one of those.
Ok, ok. Now someone is not the one now. Emma in the audience has put up a tweet that I think is a very good idea. Emma has asked if you and I can both do our version of a cockney accent. I think I have gone maybe I should go first because I'm just taking a stab in the dark and then I would imagine you who grew up around it can do something. That's maybe a little more accurate as to what it is.
I know I'm not going to say I can do it accurately.
I really won't but I'll give it my best shot.
Not if mine is somehow more accurate than yours. Then your dad did such a good job of educating you and getting away from. All right, I'll do my version of a cockney accent what I think it is based on my very limited knowledge, which is comes purely through pop culture and then you can go ahead and do your sound good.
Yeah, go ahead.
Okay, and although my understanding. Okay. I'm a little nervous because I also just realized I'm here from a live crowd and my understanding and again limited cultural understanding, but from what I have. Other is if I piss off someone with a cockney accent that might not end. Well for me is that generally people would County accents are not the type of people you want to insult. So just understand this is not meant to mock. This is my legitimate. Okay?
What's okay, let's both try to okay. I'll say I'm going to okay. I'm going to go ahead and say this just a sentence just because we brought it up. Hey, hey, everybody happy to be back at the pub. Check out my Posh daughter. That's what I'll say as a tribute to your Very respectful tribute to you that my version of what that must sound like in a cockney accent would be like hi. Everybody happy to be back in the pub shit. Help me push good.
That's a cockney accent in my mind. Why was the end French was that closer now it started so well and then it just got worse from there. You just described so many of my projects so many of my professors. Go Endeavors, it started so well and then just went off the rails. What would it sound more like to you?
I didn't know I mean can I say something that I heard my dad say a lot?
Absolutely. I would love that.
Okay, would you like to tell a story about his mate ampere is my uncle who will mess with you. Like if you said something wrong is my uncle would go down Pub mess with you you'd mess you up. I'm / so he had a friend called Humper. No one knows why it's fun was called Humper. I think it might have been something like his dad like his name was Humphries or something.
But my dad exclusively referred to this man as Humper and he was someone who could mess you. Up. I don't know why he'd want to mess you up. But my dad's mate Humper could mess you up.
Now. Does Humper have the same double entendre here as it would have in this? Okay, good. We're all in the same juvenile page that good. Yeah, trust me.
My dad liked the story so much anything that was like deeply uncomfortable for me. I'm sure he told my teachers have story. He loves to that story and he loved how uncomfortable it made me.
I feel like you're doing a really good job now a painting a picture of your dad and why why you remember so well, I just want to see do you guys in the crowd? Is it striking true? Do you know people like this guy? Are you feeling it? Like do you know the lovable Cockney guy who loves throwing it around?
Yeah, they all know your dad in a way. You're doing a real good job where all these people sort of know him. I think that's such a nice.
Hey, I'm glad yeah, I wish more people knew him. He was also That's cool.
What else what else do we want to know? Oh, someone's asking to house the rest of your family doing did this bring you guys closer together? How's your mom? How's your siblings? How's everybody feeling like that's a crazy good question.
There's a lot to unpack I guess so I think my mom and I dealt with it in very similar ways. My mom and I have always been extremely similar like our personalities are pretty much. You know, my dad always called me. Me many her in a slightly rude away than that. I don't know if I'm allowed to can I swear if I say sorry Sally?
I swear even if you don't cool.
So my dad referred to my mom as Ace bitch, and I was bitch in training.
He really you're not kidding. This man pulled no punches.
No, he literally didn't know he loved okay, trust me. He loved us he couldn't have dealt with anyone else. No one else could have dealt with him.
Oh PS he does love us just so you know, no he did.
He didn't put no I'm not mostly in private, but he would call us this.
Oh, yeah, okay.
Okay, but essentially the point of that little tangent is that my mom and I were very similar. So my mom handled it very well for a while. It was a bit tough. I think like she was grieving the loss of her father and you know her soulmate her life partner at the same time. And so she found it really difficult to kind of see other people's grief, but not in a bad way like she tried really hard. She just You know, she wasn't herself for a while and then my brother so I have other day two brothers one sister my sister dealt with it really well kind of she cried a lot more than me. She's a big crier, but she dealt with it. Well, she continued with her life. She's doing really well my closest in age to me brother took a while it actually kind of it took him a few months to actually cry for the first time.
Which people found a bit no odd, but like that wasn't his fault. I think it just took him quite a while to process it. He actually ended up having a dream where my dad basically knocked on his door at University and was like, how are you doing? I think I didn't need to talk to you and then when my brother woke up he like I woke up from that dream about my dad and just started sobbing and that was months after my dad died. And so I think it took him basically having Visitation for him to actually address it and then yeah, it was my mom and I were so happy like when my brother my mum he he called my mum crying and my mom was like, oh great because we've been we've been so worried that kind of he wasn't, you know that he was bottling it a little bit which isn't good when you are grieving based on based on what your you've told us about your dad.
I'm Surprised in the dream. He didn't knock on your brother's door. Like you're not gonna cry for me. Like let's get crying buddy. What are you doing?
Yeah, literally no, I think he baby to my older brother quite a lot. So he wouldn't have cared either way, but I think oh the brother needed that we're not going to say names, but you probably worked out what his name it. Anywho.
Yeah, so the last brother is kind of the big one.
Basically he handled it really well initially. So he and I wrote the eulogy for dad for his funeral and as the oldest and the youngest kid like that kind of, you know, helped to sum up the way my dad had been I'm actually from my dad's second marriage. So the first you know, my brother and my sister are from his first wife. And so that quite considerably older than me.
So my eldest brother is nearly 40, you know a few years off from being 40. And so there's quite a considerable age Gap.
Yeah, he's all that Wells.
No, he's not like old old but he's all that he's feeling older every day and he's getting insecure about it. He's probably had to finally admit that yes, his hairline is receding. He's known on this is I'm just projecting no can please continue stop.
It is a personal thing you want to talk about this you need a phone call.
I am so sorry to interrupt please continue. I'm making dumb jokes dirty.
It's all true.
I gotta own it.
I think the best thing about me having a kid is that my lifestyle finally fits my hairline.
It makes a lot more sense.
Now from what I have had the hair line of an exhausted dead for a while.
Anyway, I broke it up the momentum. Let's get some heads out of the way use the promo codes. We'll be right back.
with joy bird your personal one-of-a-kind style should match your furniture bring your mood boards to life with hundreds of customizable pieces and over 50 Fabric and leather options Three Shades of wood and over 250 unique Silhouettes from Joy bird fabric Swatch kits allow you to see and touch all of their Fabrics to find the perfect choice tell you what I am moving to a house instead of an apartment going out got A joy bird couch and I'll tell you why it's not because they're an advertiser's because they're a good company my wife loves their stuff.
So we gotta have this as the centerpiece of our living room Joy bird. It's no joke each piece is made with Ultimate Care and precision using real wood and responsibly sourced materials without all those harmful chemicals create furniture that matches your own Fearless style at Joy bird. Com, / beautiful 25, see how Joy bird can help make your dream space or real? 80 today at Joy bird. Com beautiful 25 go to Joy bird. Com beautiful 25 receive an exclusive offer for 25% off your first order by using the code beautiful 25.
Thanks again to everybody who sponsors beautiful Anonymous.
Let's finish off this conversation.
The possible things you want to talk about this you need a phone call.
Hi. Sorry to interrupt please continue. I'm making dumb jokes dirty.
So effectively we thought that he'd handled it pretty well and then close to the six-month anniversary, I guess or like the halfway point in the anniversary. He is going to get real deep real quick. So I hope everyone is prepared. He overdosed on Cattlemen and youth fine, but he ended up in a kind of like hospital and he had Borderline personality disorder for a while and he's fine now. So obviously it's okay, but he didn't take it the best and we all thought that he had and then he basically had you know, he did that then came out and he was still ill and then he overdosed again destroyed everything in his house went back into hospital and then you know month two months down the line. He actually got better again and now he's back to normal.
Wow, but that was that was pretty eventful my mum my brother or actually on a trip in Japan at the time as in my mum and my soul brother were away at the time because they went on a trip that my mom was meant to take with my dad and that was already paid for my brother went instead. And so I was like on my own in my University Town.
When it happened like when effectively the first time he overdosed he went missing for a few days because he ended up in like an actual regular hospital without his phones. They couldn't contact us. So my sister eventually found him.
Yeah, and I guess basically like we both saw that he wasn't alive and then he was and everything was fine, but he still wasn't himself and so that was pretty difficult. Cult because you know, we all thought that everything was getting better. I know at the six-month Mark like I felt a lot better about everything and then this happened and I was kind of like, okay, it's not it's not much normally at yeah, that's terrifying.
I'm sorry. That's like a just as just as big and I'm sorry you had to deal with that as everything else. You've said that's a I would imagine maybe okay like your brother being the oldest trying to put a brave face on it. Do you think you think That private.
Yeah, I think he it wasn't really that because my sister has always been kind of thought of as the oldest sibling but actually I'd say okay, this is going to sound really like conceited. That's not what I'm trying for. But like in general I would perceive myself as the most mature just because I grew up kind of away from home, which meant that I didn't kind of get mollycoddle by gas like my parents.
Have expected me to do stuff a lot on my own and so like when my dad died I was the one that was asked to make the phone calls to his friends to tell them that he passed away because obviously my mom couldn't make all of them on her own and you know, she'd had to do that for all of all of her kids and like all of the people that she cared about the most and so then after that when I got home like it was me and to some extent my sister did a few of them that did all of the like, sorry to let you know your debt your friend is dead call.
And so like it wasn't really my brother that we expected to kind of take on all the responsibilities. It was largely like my sister.
But at the same time we weren't expecting him to do something like that.
At yeah, that's I'm glad I'm glad to hear that.
He's feeling better and he's on the other side of that.
Yeah. No, he's doing he's doing a lot better. It took a while. I think it was at like a really bad time. So when he overdosed the second time again, this is going to sound really selfish. I'm just trying to like tell it from my perspective, I guess so when he Overdose the second time it was the day before my kind of final exams started.
And so that was weird. So my mum kind of cuz my mom obviously didn't have my dad to talk to at the time. And so she didn't have anyone to talk to about it. And so she would call me, you know, 20 minutes before I went into one of my finals and you know, tell me an update about how my brother was doing that kind of thing and that was pretty weird.
No having to do with like both of those things at the same time and like it was fine. And I ended up doing okay, like I'm happy. You know, that's something I think your dad would be proud of that I did as well as I did this year in spite of everything but like it was yeah. It was tough. I think that was it was like it had happened all over again. Like it was like I had to kind of grieve all over again, even though my brother wasn't dead but for a while he was not him, right?
Right that this University. I mean that I don't when you say you did. Well, that's so commendable because to start it off grieving and then to end it to end it with tragedy pouring like you it's there's nothing funny about it, but there's something so like dark about like 20 that you're like sitting there cramming all night for your exams and then 20 minutes beforehand the phone rings and you're like, oh, oh gee. Okay. Oh gee. Yeah.
Yeah, and then you have to get off the phone. Definitely now I got to go to math now. Oh God. Oh God, that sounds horrible.
Yeah, it was weird. It was very surreal. I think it just was you know, it was just another thing to deal with and so I dealt with it and that was kind of how I store it and it took a while like out the other side of this year, you know over the summer to kind of really register like All this stuff that had happened and so yeah, like I think it was tough. But I think you know, I definitely feel like a very different person that I was before this year started.
I feel like when what you just said is like so quietly profound and you don't realize it if when you just said, yeah, so it was another thing to deal with so I dealt with it. That's just sort of what life is right. That's like what you find out about life. The longer it goes on is like you you can have all the plans you want.
And have all the Visions you want of what's going to happen but life hand your stuff to deal with so what do you do you deal with it a little bit. Yeah deal with it or you die. Basically those people yelling preach. Are you people are very I thought what I said was inspiring and then you editing extremely morbid twist at the end and it really I have to click with your countrymen much harder when you add that was so psychologically. Be revealing about that whatever about the United Kingdom experience here at the show.
I was like you deal with it, very profound and you went or you die and people are like, yeah, so does everyone feels the same?
I think it's just something that you learn I wasn't expecting as I say, I wasn't expecting to learn it this early, but I learned it and I'm out the other side and I'm seeing what I can do.
There's some some of the people in the crowd sending some messages I wanted You lay you did David says that some months after his brother died. He came to me in a dream. I said, I thought you were dead. He said I am I've come back to Sam. Okay, and then he left and then I started to feel better. So I thought that was a nice thing to that like my yeah, really similar really similar to my brother a man doesn't to one. She works for an Alzheimer Society. I would like to offer you and your family and the support needed following a loss of your grandfather. You're not alone if you want to look up Amanda it's now Becoming a hashtag I'm cringing at which is be a Nando's. I thought it would be funny to have an endo's reference. And now in the course of a serious moment in the show.
I'm regretting that involves Nando's but if you want to look up be a Mendoza men willing to help AJ suggest that this episode be titled bitch in training. I think that's a bad idea. I think it's a bad idea AJ. I'm so sorry.
That's you know cooler what you want.
No, I think the worst thing that's happened to me this year. We will find him. We're going to find a more thoughtful title than Bitch in training but I think AJ knew that was a bad idea which is why I included a Danny DeVito gift with the suggestion. But the real one I wanted to bring up also from Amanda just because I think this is something you'd like to hear.
It's also something that I'm not certain. I totally know the meaning of but it feels necessary to share it caller. Your dad. Sounds like a diamond Geezer. Sorry for your loss, right?
Yeah. No, I got that. Thank you. Thank you so much.
Much Someone else math. You just said to me the reason you all cheered is what with brexit and all were all quite excited by the thought of dying. Geez. Wow. Wow, don't get me started.
Honestly, I don't even want to talk about politics. Whoo. Oh, I hate everything. But yeah, so that's not something I want to go into.
Yeah. I mean we could talk about the the the the game of ping-pong we could American to British we could play right now about oh absolutely.
It would be just be a lot about matching heads of state and all that trash nurse just the hair cuts alone.
Just the two haircuts. I see pictures of your guy on like he makes our guy look like he has a good haircut just his haircut.
You make your guy look like he makes good non-racist decision.
No, he does not know. I promise you he does not they just sort of quietly high five across the pond on that one. Now. What else do we need to know? What else do we need to know? Are there any are there any any other thoughts you want to get out there to you that someone asked the sensitive one, but that I think is a really nice thought in a way.
Are there any things are there any things you want to have on record as far as things that? You want to put out there as far as like things you wish you said to your dad or things you would like to sort of send out into the World At Large to just sort of send a message to him. I thought that was a nice thought.
Yeah, I think the main one is if you love your parents, you know, if you have a good relationship with them if you love them, and if you're proud of them tell them don't think about it after the fact because I think I there was a while where I had like a kind of, you know tempestuous relationship with my dad where he would kind of expect me to be, you know, proud of him or like idolize him for something that he done in the same way. He did for me and I would kind of just wave it off and be like, yeah. Ok. Cool dad. Like that's another cool thing. He did well done.
And then basically I realized how much that upset him and I wrote him a letter before he died several years before he died basically being like I am obviously proud of you for all of the big things you did for all of the things that got you to where we are today, but I'm most proud of you for the little moments and you know, the tart all the times that you did something nice for my closest friends or like you gave someone advice to ended up changing the way that they perceive themselves or whatever and so I made like a list of all of the things that had made me proud of him and he kept it and I found it after he died and he kept it like in his bedside drawer.
And so I think if you're a parent, you know, if you love your parents a lot and if you're proud of them, please tell them because they deserve to hear it and I think you will regret it.
If you don't know most that we always think it's parents jobs. Tell the kids that but you're saying you're advocating no, give it back hand it back to him. That's so beautiful to hear you very well because they raised you.
They raised you they tried so hard and everything. They did for the most part is for you. And so if you do something for them, they appreciate it more than you expect because they don't hear it as much anymore. Especially if people off their own parents. They're not going to get someone telling them. They're proud of them.
Yeah that really when you found that in his bedside drawer that really I think people just caught me getting choked up a little bit on stage when you said that that's what a what a beautiful thing for you to realize how much that meant to him. Yeah, now I know it was.
It meant a lot to me as well. I think I mean I got bits and pieces. My dad used to write letters to me because I went to fancy Posh boarding school and every time I find another one of the letters, I found one when I went to University and all it said was enjoy yourself at University proud of you love bad, and I didn't say anything else and You know, I have it next to my bed now and I look at it whenever I feel like I'm not proud of myself and I'm like oh but he is, you know, I've, you know, maybe I didn't work as hard as I could have done or maybe I felt you know too bad like you depressed or to whatever to like do anything but I got out of bed today.
So he's proud of that, you know, I'll say something sort of I don't know if this will be a little intense my father and I am 39 years old my father and I have never said The words I love, you know one another and I've always regretted do it. Well, here's the thing. He and I have talked about how we never said.
I love you to each other. Okay, and he said he has set like some like I have joked about it with them one time because I'm a comedian and I do weird one time. He came on stage with me in a show and we did a QA and someone's like can you guys just say you love each other and the show? Show and my dad just went me and Chris aren't that tight. We don't we're not that tight. We don't have that type of relationship.
We're not that type of people but I knew what he meant. And here's the funny thing. I'm going to say to here's the other thing. I'm going to say he's gonna listen to this and he's going to hear this beautiful tender thing about your relationship with your dad and he's going to hear me saying that we've never said I love you.
He's gonna laugh like no I'm not the crowd is telling you say.
No because here's what's gonna happen.
Here's and I'm pretty certain of its Someday. My dad. God bless him great that he's going to be on his deathbed and I feel like his plan and mine. Is that like right before he dies. I'm just going to write, you know, I love you. You know, I have you know the whole time I love your he's going to be I love you to shut up and then he's gonna die. Like that's that's that's my that's our plan me and my dad but he I know he loves me. He's shown it in so many other ways, but you're making me really regret that I've never said it it making me.
A great maybe I'll say it. I love you Dad. If you're listening dad, I love you know, I love that. You know, I love you.
I'm glad yeah glad you look at that.
You made me say I love my father to him for the first time in my life strangely enough from a stage in London on a recording still. The only time I have directly said to my father. Hey, can I love you and he will not say it back. I promise you you'll know you'll be laughing. He'll here's what happened. He'll listen to this and we'll call me anymore. Okay? I heard you podcasts.
Hey y'all love me hot like that.
Like haha anything that you can do to embarrass yourself or make a weird choice is something that my dad would be proud of me making you do good.
I'm glad I'm not but I am with you. I totally agree. I'll tell you an another sort of said no, but after I first in my early 20s, I think you have heard me talk about I dealt with a lot of like very very tenuous mental health stuff and after that my parents and I got a lot more open with each other and I will not there's no part of me that feels like oh, it's good that I dealt with all that stuff, but I will say one of the happy byproducts that we got a lot more honest with each other and I was able to tell them that I appreciate them and I think it's really really good advice that you had out there to lay it out.
You're not going to believe this. We only have six minutes left.
Incredible unimaginable awful, but also cool to six is my lucky number. So I'm down for that that was handled.
So poetically that truly the Cadence of someone who works in radio.
I mean, I'm just really good at not swearing when I'm talking to people.
I don't know that's good. I'm not I swear too much and I'm trying to clean it up, especially on the podcast. I'm working hard to try to swirl has. Okay. So other people saying my dad has never said I love you to me, but he has said it to my dog Alyssa. I'm so sorry.
My dog was my dad's favorite kid your dog, dude, really? My dog is my dad's.
it could many people tweeting at me that they are crying at the thought of your letter and his bedside table and And I think that yeah, I mean if they want to cry a little bit harder bear in mind that I slept on his side of the bed for probably a few months when I got home and so it was just there the whole time so we're his glasses because he died in the middle of the nights.
They were obviously one on his face. That was fun. I think that was something that her for a while, but when I found the letter helped a lot Yeah, that's a game changer.
So it's been a year. I'm sure some yeah, some healing has happened but not completely are there any things from the year perspective as you're learning to move on that? You didn't expect?
I think something that people don't realize about grief is it's not always the times that you expect a cry that you cry. So like, you know someone will you know, when I talk about my dad, I don't cry. Well. I know I'm going to be talking about my daughter don't cry and sometimes I'll be like walking my dog or whatever or I'll be walking tour from University and something just completely random will make me think.
Oh God. I wish I told Dad that I like. Oh God. I wish I could tell that that and then I'd start crying or I Be listening to like a sad song that has nothing to do with the grief of losing a father and I'll be like and I'm like what was wrong with you? What are you doing?
So that's weird. So if you're grieving it's okay to cry at really weird times.
Is there anything particular that has made you cry where you even you can't quite explain the why like some weird commercial or you walk past the package perky Percy pigs like anything like that. We were like, why is this making me cry even I don't know.
I mean shout out to the Percy picks thing. My dad always used to buy me Percy pigs because I my favorite sweet. So I'm glad that you brought that up.
Look I know that you live 25 kilometers to the west of London. I know you live Percy pigs. There's a lot of things about you. I've been able to suss out because again, I'm very good at this job. There's a lot of things I could tell you about you right now A believe me know. Okay sounded way creepier than I'm gonna wake up.
Yeah. We're going to move on.
We're gonna move on. Yes. Let's all move on probably the weirdest.
The way this time I cried which okay is an unexpected but it's a weird place to be crying was the first time I watched a rugby match after my dad passed away. I went with like I watched it live. So I went to the field with my housemate who had been there obviously when I found out about that and I watched the entire match completely enthralled all 80 minutes or all probably, you know, 76 minutes or something and I've got the last five minutes and I thought oh my God, this has been Such a good match. I can't wait to text Dad and then I realized that my dad was dead and I couldn't call him and I started sobbing like not just kind of like want it. I was like stopping in the middle of a rugby ground surrounded by men holding pints and there was looking at me like okay it wasn't that good of a match Jesus, right?
That's an it. Like the thing people who don't understand that you're grieving have no idea what's happening.
So exactly they look at Like is she? Okay, like it wasn't that good. But okay, right. So that was a weird place to be crying and I was like you because I wasn't expecting it at all because I was so happy, you know, we'd won it wasn't like I was upset and then I was just like I can't call him who so that the fun.
It doesn't you don't have to say it was fun at the end it so it sounds like it was beautiful. It was sounds like it was really sad and also really beautiful and those are all okay.
Those are all okay.
Yeah.
That that image so everybody cuz the sense I got when I went to Galway is that by the end of a rugby match most of the crowd is I would say dangerously drunk and oh, yeah and you're already married and you said the home team won. So everybody's like hugging and and drunk and has just experienced watching 80 minutes of violence to their Glee and then you're just quietly weeping in the center of the storm. That's a pretty beautiful.
Yeah, pretty beautiful.
Yeah, it was weird. It was nice and it was okay.
Yeah, a lot of people are thanking you I just want to put it out there because we're less than a minute in so many people coming in even the London podcast Festival itself has been moved and said if you if you can and you have a good relationship with them tell your parents how much you love them and how proud of them you are that came from the festival account. Wow, even the anonymous people beyond the festival a free, uh says caller. Thanks for sharing your experience. You've mentioned a few times that you're young, but your infinitely wise lots of love for you in this room.
A lot of people saying things along those lines. I thank you for sharing. It really was such a honest look into grief and your dad and I think you've done right by him and I feel like we all get a sense that we know. I'm a little bit better and I can't thank you enough for sharing. I know how hard it is.
Thank you. Thank you for letting me thank you for you know picking up my cool three days before the anniversary.
Can't say enough good things about what a lovely and warm crowd you were thank you so much for coming up.
Calling thanks so much for calling and being open and vulnerable and letting us in on so many memories that I'm sure you you know, hold very close to your heart. It's not the easy thing to do and I really appreciate it. Also thanks to everybody who came out to the show in London. It was such a good time meeting. All you guys is a constant source of joy for me and going and eating a halloumi sandwich at Mandos afterwards. It's so many super fun good times find more ways to Stuff like that boom forward.
Thank you to Jerry O'Connell for coming all the way to London and being a part of the show. Thanks for Harry Nelson for everything. Thanks to Shell Shack to the intro music Chris get. Com. If you want to know about more in my upcoming tour dates you like the show go to Apple podcasts rate. Are you subscribed really helps? We need to see you next time on beautiful and Islands Next time I'm beautiful Anonymous Ayahuasca.
You've heard about it vaguely.
Now, you're going to hear about it from someone who is all in when I was considering it was at a sort of dangerous time in my my life and it's probably for the best that I did not do Ayahuasca and that mental state.
Although I'd be very very happy to hear your opinions on the experience of it. You say you've been doing Ayahuasca for 13 years.
Yeah, and I'm a regular basis.
Has like two three times a month as a spiritual practice time.
I've spent a lot of time in Brazil because of it. I learned Portuguese out of love for it. It's part of my regular life here and in Canada, I used to live in California. That's where I started and there's a number of people around in my community that we do iOS the circles Brazilian like one Brazilian file as a practice for years. He's been doing it for years.
That's next time on beautiful anonymous.
A committed follower of Santo Daime, a Brazilian religion and spiritual tradition, tells Gethard about her many (many, many, many) experiences with Ayahuasca. This episode is brought to you by Morgan & Morgan (www.forthepeople.com/stories), Teladoc (www.teladoc.com/stories), ZipRecruiter (www.ziprecruiter.com), and Living with Yourself on Netflix.
READ LESS
Hello to all my tree house dwellers is one hour one phone call. No names No Holds Barred.
I'd rather no one on one.
Hi everybody Chris gethard here. To another episode of beautiful Anonymous it's called the wild one before I tell you about that want to let you know I've joked on the show for many many months about holding some sort of convention. We will have passed callers common perform. We give lectures and I'll do live calls and been talking with Jarrett and Harry and I think we're going to try to actually make this thing happen sometime next year. So we've been in the beautiful anonymous Facebook group, and I've been asking people for ideas of things. They would want to happen.
So now the time to join if you want information and you want to help build a very bad idea a convention dedicated to a phone call based podcast, please join up. Let me know your ideas. Now this week's call. This is a person that like an author Couldn't Write but sometimes real life hands you things this woman is dedicated to Ayahuasca more than I'm dedicated to most things in my life, and she really has so much to say about it.
What are the things that are true about what we've Heard what are the things that are false? What are the other aspects of her life? How has this changed? Sure what if the positives been any negatives? She goes into it all she tells us about that Ayahuasca life, and it was eye opening. I enjoyed this call greatly and I hope you do too.
Thank you for calling beautiful Anonymous a beeping noise will indicate when you are on the show with the host.
Hello. Hello? Hi. Hi. I am Chris. Hi. Hi, that's amazing. It's really nice to talk.
I know it's what everybody says, but it's awesome to talk to you too. What a perfect alignment. How are you today?
Today, I would say pretty good ups and downs. Yeah, that's the honest answer ups and downs. Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, you're always honest and your answers. So I try to guilty good more ups and down. Yeah.
I have so many happy things happening in my life and they bring me great joy, and then I also someone who has a little bit of an unshakeable set this at times and got a balance. Doing my best to balance those things I get that I listen to your show.
I have been listening to your show. I don't think since the beginning but for a long time and I always catch you every Tuesday morning while I'm working and it's a very special thing that you do and I enjoyed your presence in my earphones a whole lot.
That's so nice. Thank you. Now, how are you?
Yeah, I'm great and I just woke up from a nap and I'm doing a little bit of meditation. And usually when my phone dings to tell me that you want somebody to call it's not like I don't get it on time. So it was just like, you know the little alarm we can me up to call Chris.
Nice. It's as if you're meditating summoned me.
Yes, it's really good meditation is really good or just, you know, not any specific method religious like just taking the time to drop in and just be present to your own existence, you know. No, just whatever you no hard feelings concentrate on hard feelings and just happiness and my don't know I'm preparing for my ceremony. I'm going to ayahuasca ceremony tonight.
You're going to an ayahuasca ceremony tonight. Yes.
Yes. Yes, we're going to be up all night and singing in Portuguese. That's when I mean that was one big thing ever. I was I need to talk to you about because I heard you I don't know last year or maybe before tell somebody in a call that you'd gone to Brazil to your friend's wedding and that your friend brought you to a place of sort of a church where you drank Ayahuasca, and that it helped you turn your life around and get rid of your addictions.
Well, so for me that's been a really big part of my life for 13 years. I've been part of that so it's a real. Regular thing and tonight. I'm going Sam honey.
Okay, I can't wait to talk about this this I got to hear everything I thought so I thought you would like it. I do want to offer some minor corrections. I went to I went to Brazil in 2012 for my friend of mine had a film in a film festival and I company to him and we were we had heard about sort of sub-sect of the Catholic church in Brazil. That was legally allowed to use I Alaska and we were actively yeah, we were actively trying to track it down and we found out we'd have to take a bus to the top of a mountain and we we did not go so I have not done Ayahuasca. I did seriously consider I will say when I was considering it was at a sort of dangerous time in my my life and it's probably for the best that I did not do Ayahuasca and that mental state.
Although I'd be very very happy to hear your opinions on the experience of it. You say you've been doing Ayahuasca for 13 years.
Yes, and I'm a regular basis and I'm like, you know, I have like two three times a month basis as a spiritual practice like spent a lot of time in Brazil because of it. I learned Portuguese out of love for it. So yeah, it's by it's part of my regular life here. I'm in Canada. I used to live in California. That's where I started and doesn't remember people around in my community that we do.
A circle is Brazilian and one Brazilian style as as expected as a crisis for years. We've been doing it for years. So but you did not go I thought I'd heard that they like you you drink some Ayahuasca and it helps you turn your life around getting that product.
You did you did you hurt you heard heard what you wanted to hear about when it turns out. Yes. No, I was I was contemplating it and there was a group of people at this film. Evil seeking it out and no I but I did not although the trip itself was very healing and I've often said that that trip to Brazil really helped straight in my head out and probably saved my life in many ways. But Ayahuasca was not a part of it was not a part of it.
So it would have it would have helped even more if you had a chance before taking it.
Well, I'm all ears very special thing. Now you say you yes, you do it Brazilian style. Is that through as I don't know much about the group that I was seeking. Now it's probably a sign that I needed to do more research or is it is it through the same organization or group that I had heard of?
Yes, most likely most likely because in Brazil, there's one main tradition as in fact, it's a modern tradition because it started a little bit less than a hundred years ago. And that one is called the son to die me and it's a Brazilian Ayahuasca church. That is all over. Brazil now and it's in many other parts of the world. It's a many places in Europe and Canada in the States and Mexico and Japan. There's something I need churches I come with a lot of local people not especially a lot of Brazilians and them a lot of people who want to partake in the medicine and I guess, you know, everyone finds their way to connect with her and mine happened through like having the possibility to Go to a Center Line a ceremony in La of all places 30 years ago in Hollywood and I went and just fell in love with it. I didn't looking for that medicine first few years.
I was in Holland in 2001 and met with substances there which were never part of my life ended up taking some MDMA at a party and I just had no drug culture and the repression was working. I'm pretty well on me as well. So I didn't really have too many opinions and I had took some MDMA and had like a really really amazing experience and then realized I was hanging around a drug culture and started to ask people around me what their experience with it was I mean, I was traveling I was on a quest of self growth and self knowledge and all that and it just all of a sudden appear to me that there was like a whole window of reality that people were using and To could grow in some ways that I didn't know about and people's answers were completely amazing as far as what they had to say about their relationship with things like MDMA and psilocybin and now like even scientist catching up with that a little bit now because there's more studies to see the benefits of those things. But anyways, it made me very curious and I started to read and I read all the books that I could find about what is called antigens, which means like a substance That releases God so God releasing substance and there's a lot of really good books and a lot of good films on the subject and I just started to educate myself and found out about Ayahuasca and it took me about three to four years to finally find it and the place was California where I lived at the moment and I just went I went to a hundred. I'm a church service and a got me by the heart. I really wanted to be Part of it. So from that moment on I just like just when the Region's I get and once you enter that world, it seems like you know, there's more people were acquainted with possibilities and his you know, I just say find you if you find it and then it for me it became my whole Community, you know, my social life. The reason why I travel and so many things it's just like, you know offered me a new way to navigate and reality and we you know people through that and so yeah, it's been a really amazing journey.
Wow. Okay a lot to talk about ha ha first thing I'll tell you is I have done MDMA.
I did it at a music festival and I would agree. Yeah that it was amazing and I learned a lot about myself but then I also one of the things that I did learn is that I do have addictive Tendencies because I ate way too much MDMA and later found out that that's not how MDMA works that it does. Even do anything except get you're more messed up like afterwards with the demise of the depression hangover. So I did learn that I felt like MDMA was an amazing experience. And then I also took it way too far, which was worrisome for many people in my life who loved me but I have heard what the same thing. You've said. I feel I've heard a lot about there's clinical trials that they're using MDMA to treat PTSD and and mushrooms and MDMA are becoming involved in clinical trials for therapy and I could imagine those things being very healthy. If done under a doctor's care.
Yeah, or any no ritual setting. I don't know because I think for me at the time that I had that experience, I was not about to like go crazy with it that was not you know is not at that place in my life. So I really saw it for you know, it gave me a very powerful experience and I saw some potential for learning in it. And but I didn't stay with that one. I just like it just made me curious to learn. So I read a lot and my toque MDMA a few more times and mushrooms a few times and LSD a few times. But you know that what I was I was not on a I don't have an addictive personality. I do, you know, I wasn't really young anymore. So I just really wanted to know more about how to have a relationship with like a Students like that for evolution for self-growth.
So I did get there right away and found, you know found the things that facilitate that approached now talk to me about.
Okay. So there's There's this stereotype that once someone starts experimenting with I think you called them info Jen's not psychedelics, and I understand that people do delineate the terminology. But yeah, there's a stereotype that maybe once someone starts experimenting with these things that they become different than they used to be maybe a little bit more of a hippie or a little bit more of new agey.
But I wonder what the rest of your life is like if the if that has proven true Or if you are someone who just wakes up and works a 9 to 5 job and also happens to experiment with this stuff. I'm very interested to hear.
Mmm Yeah, no. Well as far as I'm concerned, my my life stories like is completely out of the box when it was out of the box before I started to take some to Diamond but there's there's a number of people have just like very regular human activities that are part of the group. I guess, you know, it attracts me be a little bit more adventurous people, but still, you know, there's like there's a lot of information. About it. I was in the world. So if people feel curious they can just go educate themselves and then you know go to the medicine and next really every possible service people go to the medicine and a lot of people people don't have the opportunity to have a connection with it where they live. So a lot of people choose to go to Peru because there's a good infrastructure there for the first, you know, who's Retreat centers and all kinds of things with you. You know, it's safe. There's a lot of websites that you can find out a lot a lot about a place before you choose it and they offer like, you know is very complete format of like 10 days or treats or things like that. So that's a good way for just people you know for people to just introduce themselves to through the medicine Brazil is a other story. There's also a huge country the language a little bit more difficult and the medicine is used a lot more. Liberally. It's like very Resilient Brazilians are exuberant or expressive their adventurous and all that sowed the way they work with the medicine reflects that but if I'm told I'm a is a very formal institution. Its it offers an interface for the ceremony that is very precise and the calendar for all the ceremonies throughout the year and I was like, it was very organized. So that's one end of the Spectrum in Brazil one of the formats and there's other the forms that are a lot more free like tonight where I'm going.
It's it comes out of the scented I made but the format has been broken up. We were just sitting in a circle everybody dressed in white and there's guitar and drums and we have song books and we sing in Portuguese the whole night with the medicine and it's very very beautiful now, I want to know about the first time he did it because so you hear a lot of stories about Ayahuasca, especially I would say in the past five six years.
It's become a thing that a lot of people sort of talked about in hushed tones. You've been doing it much longer than that. I feel like it's sort of coming together.
Yes.
Yes public Consciousness more recently. But here's the things you hear about Ayahuasca. Is that all the things you hear that, you know, you drink this tea and that the generally it's recommended that you have a shaman because it can Be very intense and it can go dark. But you have people who are may be trained to help keep you in a mental state. That's that's healthy and doesn't go to a scary place. You hear often that people will throw up or maybe have I've even heard maybe some people have diarrhea like that your body just sort of expels a lot of stuff and people have said that the that throwing up can be like a very intense form of vomiting on during Ayahuasca is these are the broad Strokes that I think we all hear.
From the outside when we're not Iowa. See you. Yeah, I'm wondering if you feel like those are overblown stories or if there's truth to them.
Well, there's I mean it's both and there's so much there's so many layers and it's like it's a big world the world of Ayahuasca. And there's a lot of opinions. I'm sure some people who are listening. You also have experience with it would come at it from a different angle. My experience is with a group that practices regularly the churches around the world may need that's what I do. So that's on one very contain format and next to that. I do other things that come from Brazil.
And it's a very less known world and Ayahuasca Brazil and what happens there is less known because it's a lot less accessible for just anybody to go and go like go, you know to Big Brazil and try to find Ayahuasca on your own when you have no experience and no language is almost impossible. So people have information that come mostly from the Ayahuasca culture of Peru and the kind of rules and opinions that go around the medicine. Even in that area of the world. So that's very well-known different opinions on what people can do and not do like to say you're breaking up.
Hello.
Hello, are there you are?
Yeah, your phone was breaking up pretty bad for me.
Okay?
Yeah, so you're saying a lot of its the Peruvian a lot of what we hear is maybe more the Peruvian methodology is what you're saying.
Yes. Yes. That's what I'm saying. Because until you know, it's a way smaller countries and Brazil. So, you know, there are more consistent in the way they do it and they, you know, pretty much birth it that new tradition with westerners that you know, like white people go to them. Drink, which was like not a thing before so they're holding somewhat of a traditional format with medicine man, but then like sitting in circles with a lot of Europeans and Americans and all that is it's a new thing. So all I can say for sure. It's like there's a there's a lot of different opinions around the medicine.
One thing for sure is that yes, but you know, the vomiting part is very much a part of it but in places like Peru they They think it's a very important part of the experience because you're purging and you're purging not only physical things but you're purging anything that you need to unload like, you know, psychically psychologically emotionally and all that. So they put plants in there mix that will facilitate the purge and in the Santa's I met in Brazil. There's no such thing as soul mate make you vomit but usually in Brazil, sometimes the service will have like hundreds of people there.
So I think you're not trying to make 500 people of it at a time. So it's more gentle in that aspect. Some people do vomit but not everybody and not every time the focus is on singing together. It's like you sing the entire the entire time singing in the medicine is strong and it's challenging to there's this whole idea I could part of the learning is like to gain further.
Samantha in the in Portuguese and it's like some sort of discipline as the venison is strong and challenging you and all that. You have to hold your place and saying and yeah, it's very interesting because if you're going to enter a spiritual path that requires drinking any Alaska like twice or three times a month for years you have, you know to put it to use I guess so yes, if there is, you know, there's there's teachings and there's you know, some special powers to gain. Then as you as you keep going then again, the experience is also very very different from one individual to another now walk me through your first experience outside of the broad Strokes.
So you show up. What's the environment like do you have any nerves heading into it? Are you totally ready and as bet I understand that an experience like this is very hard to capture in words, but as best you can what's your first experience?
Yeah.
I'm going to go ahead and we're going to pause there. I feel like that's something we don't want to know right? What's this? Like how does this change your whole perspective once you dive down this road, we'll find out when we come back in the meantime check out some ads.
If you're getting eight hours a night, which you should that means a third of your life is spent in sheets. So you need these bad boys to be comfortable home of the internet's favorite sheets. Brooklyn's got over 50,000 plus five star reviews and Counting and they have moved beyond the bedroom. And now offer Essentials for your bathroom.
Ultra-soft loungewear makes it feel like you never left bed because I've heard me for years. I have been sleeping on Brooklyn and sheets. I really love him. Also, I just got myself some Brooklyn in towels. And these things are they're the best towels I've ever actually had in my house. You can hear it in my voice. I'm giggling because I'm about to say a sentence that is both true and ridiculous. I am obsessed with my Brooklyn in towel.
I get sad when it goes in the laundry and I can't use it for a while if you like softness like Comfort Essentials to help you. Relax Brooklyn and has it all Brooklyn. And. Com is the perfect place to hit refresh in the New Year gone make yourself comfortable Brooklyn and is so confident in their product that all their sheets comforters loungewear and towels come with a lifetime warranty you get 10% off your first order and free shipping on the all-new sheet when you use promo code stories only at Brooklyn and. Com. That's be Roo kli any and. Com and hey New Yorkers, if you're listening you can get the internet's favorite sheets and More in real life you visit Brooklyn's first store in Brooklyn. It's at 127. Can Evan Williamsburg Brooklyn and everything. You need to live your most comfortable. Life have you ever needed a doctor late at night or while traveling?
I know this feeling I travel all the time travel all the time. You get on a plane you feel fine. You get off the plane and all of a sudden something's hitting you you're in a city that you don't know it can be scary. Right? That's why I tell the doc gives you 24/7 access to board certified doctors anytime anywhere for non emergency conditions, like a sinus infection allergies flu rashes and more their board certified doctors can diagnose treat.
And prescribed medication when medically necessary to be delivered to the pharmacy of your choice tell the doc is available through most insurance or employers at $45 or less a visit no appointments. No waiting rooms. None of those germy urgent cares or expensive trips to the ER one of tell the docs testimonial States.
I am an RN and I have little time for personal issues. Let alone being sick while caring for the ill this service called me after setting up an account and requesting and MD visit in minutes the service is actually amazing and I only wish I would have utilized it sooner. There's a great review for you.
Tell the doc is here to get you back to feeling your best no matter when or where you are download the app today or visit Tela doc. Com stories to register today. So you're ready when you need a doctor's care or schedule a doctor visit today. Don't forget to download the app or visit Tela doc. Com stories.
Thanks again to all of our advertisers now. Let's get back to this conversation.
I understand that an experience like this is very hard to capture in words, but as best you can what's your friend?
Yeah.
Well, yeah my phone like I said, my first time was in my studio in Hollywood, but it was a very strange place to have it there was over a hundred people maybe a hundred and twenty people centered. I'm a user's where uniforms and so there's two different uniforms have been it's it's very weird. It's very very strange but men wear Blue pants and a white shirt and dark blue tie and the women wear a uniform that looks like a Catholic schoolgirl. Well the men to the for the women, it's like a blue dark blue pleated skirt and a little blue neck neck bow and men are one on one side and the women are on the other side of the room. There's a table in the center where who leaves the ceremony Sip and the Musicians music is usually guitars accordion drum flute. It's very beautiful. It's amazing amazing music. So so that's that's one of their uniforms and for special occasions during the ceremony.
Those are called Dance Works and you stand the whole time and there's this little dance which is like two steps to one side and two steps with the other one. So it creates kind of a wave. In the room everybody's moving at the same time and this lasts for like, you know, six seven eight hours and on some like really special big special occasion. They'll be like, you know, 10 hours of that and the medicine carried you in that sort of way band like the men wear all white shoes and bright green tie and the women wear this like white dress with a pleated skirt and a little Crown like a little Tiara and rainbow ribbons. Across the shoulder and call like queens of the forest because of the inspiration that's seeing that was the first visions of the man who initiated that spiritual path was receiving visions of a being that he called the queen of the forest. So he made the women in the practice look like queens of the forest my God, it's so it gave him giving you like so so much jumbled up information in such a nutshell is gonna sound completely crazy. You know, this is a lot to take it.
So I want to know so did you drink it for the first time? How long does it take to set in and then what are the sensations you experience?
Okay. Well, sometimes it's sometimes sometimes we will take like 45 minutes or something. Sometimes you feel it right away. And then if I entered the realm of like, you know what it feels like it's so I can varies a lot from person to person so I've had different experiences with it over the years by now for me. It's predictable.
Some people have very very strong experiences. They'll Visions, you know, absolutely amazing visions and contact with beings and conversations and all that for me. I don't know I've made it doesn't it doesn't work that way with me. I actually my preference goes for any it's going to get even more crazy the word.
That I really like to do is a line of Ayahuasca in Brazil has called on Bondi me and it makes has spiritual tradition. That's a Brazilian spiritual tradition called umbanda that is like it's inducing Trends through dance or you have a lot of singers and drumming really loud and singing those very rhythmic songs to the Alicia's that are gods of Nature and people dance and thence themselves into a trance to incorporate. Grits that are related to the forces of nature that are called and the songs and it's like it's very amazing is very high-energy. So and in Brazil, they've brought the son to die me together with that tradition. So people drink the medicine and dance to the drums into a trance-like incorporating energies that are being called by the ceremony.
And so that's that's that's my love. That's my favorite thing to do. So that will invite a Really different experience than somebody who is like sitting in the dark with a shaman like, you know without seeing other people or we know what a purge bucket next to them and all that. There's just like just so so many possibilities as far as like the way the medicine is presented and the way people will have an experience with it can be just you know in that kind of format. It can be a very collective experience as opposed to sitting with a shaman and and the dark so It's difficult to say those from like feeling really really present and there and grateful about your community and like for me it's more like that. I've been drinking it for years and it's quite predictable by now. It makes my vision very very luminous. But I'm there to be in service. I know the songs really well, so I hold that container and help other people with their passages when they're having a hard time.
So so that's my experience with some people have you know, some people Full on the visions and just and also if you do it a lot if there's phases will go through different phases and your encounter with the medicine. So it's hard to pinpoint and it's a big subject now.
Let me let me say something and I mean no offense by this. I'm sure it's something you've been questioned about or or have thought about and I want to reiterate I mean no offense, but I'm Going to bring this up. A lot of people might hear about hundreds of people dressed in outfits evocative of Catholic school children doing rhythmic dances in and they might say that this sounds like a cult. Is this something that you've dealt with hearing before?
Yes. Yes. I'm even like, you know when I was in California and like one of my really good friends is also written it like, you know, we she would joke about if she would tell people that We're going to a cult. So it's like one when you're in it. It is like really something to take likely. It's no it's no such thing.
It attracts. You know, it came out of Brazil Brazil Brazilian people are religious in a very different way than American people are and the this phenomenon has come out of Brazil and its people from other places that go so one site be extended.
Hello different and you know they opened up for something. Yes.
You just can't yeah, you just glitched out for a second there.
But your back. Okay good as long as I'm back. Yes. So yeah, it attracts it attracts. People want to know the medicine mostly like the in the States and Canada and all that. The religious aspect of it is much less because especially here I'm in I'm in Quebec and french-canadian a lot of people here have rejected.
Religion catalyst is them and all that. It was like a huge thing for you know our generation and younger generation to just break away from that mold. Like, you know, my grandmother was forced to have like her last two kids bike the priests because otherwise he told her she was going to go to hell so, you know people are really done with that. So when an organization like The Sciences, I mean, he's offering a medicine they go and they're just like, okay. Let's see how I react with the religious part of it. I really want to go for the medicine and then like it did for me just really touched my heart and then once in it you realize that it's really not something like effect that you know, there's all kinds of people there and there's you know people that are there because they want to grow because they want to overcome something because we want to have a spiritual practice. So it's yeah I can from the outside. I can really understand what it might look like and some people come in that interface for them if Be strong and know these don't want to just don't want to try to get through it. But for me, I so first they went I just took a deep breath.
Oh you're breaking up.
You said you took a deep breath and he broke up that we sing too.
Yeah. Yeah.
Okay every time your phone breaks up. I just imagined in my mind that your Consciousness has gone somewhere else due to to the medicine.
Let me ask you when You're not doing Ayahuasca. What's the other? What's the other aspects of your life?
I want to hear about the fully rounded aspects of your life and how these things fit together. Yes.
I am. I'm a cannabis grower.
So I'm very involved in plant medicines hang out with cannabis plants all day long. So some people might be listening and say this is a little too on the nose.
No well. Note that the interesting thing is that in Canada right now. There's like there's an exemption from the law for use of Ayahuasca for religious purposes. So the fact that I'm a churches have flies like you have each group has to do it one by one because it's not a legalization. It's an exemption from the law. So it has started so my son toad I'm a church is a perfectly legal.
So that's there's no problem with that and as far as growing Cannabis I'm the designated grower for cannabis for therapeutic will use. So it's a it's a complicated situation. It's a health Canada program that has existed for nearly 20 years pries legalization. So now that there is a recreational commercial cannabis being grown on a growing scale.
It's all it's all going to change. But in the meantime, I'm in a gray zone. I'm growing cannabis for Specific people patience and we'll see what happens. We're looking into maybe going for a small commercial operation if it's possible, there's a lot of investment and I don't know if we're going to be able to make it to the full, you know, when there's a full structure for legal cannabis in Canada. Have fun going to still be part of that word. I don't know yet.
Now you have described your past. At life as one where you were not you were not someone interacting with substances at all. And then you went to Europe. No and you experimented with MDMA. Let me just put this out here because I love your opinion on it. Some people might say that the fact that your life has completely shifted to one where you are in an Ayahuasca church, and you grow cannabis is a cautionary tale as to why not as to why they would not want to go down a road.
No, it was completely my life was completely changed before and I when I when I when I was younger I did I studied theater in college and during those years. I had a I had a relationship. I had a boyfriend and I had for eight years and he started drinking the few years before and I was very depressed and I just really needed to get out of my life. So after college, I bought a van and I was 23 years old and I just drove it down to Nicaragua because I just needed to get out of my life and that changed it. That's what you know, that was that I'm 50. So that was that was in 1993.
So it's a while ago. I took like you know, so that that just completely changed the direction of my life at that point. That was and what I was before you did MDMA it was long before. I was like ten years before I did MDMA and by the time I did MDMA around a kind of taking MDMA I was in Europe grow is supposed to be there for one year and an open ticket and I ended up being there two years and I lived in squats and jump trains and almost I was you know, I was not on any regular Track by any means already. So for me it all like it changed I email after after college and completely stuffed. Out on any of anything that was normal and just like never really went back. I was I was Nomad a nomad for 23 years and then I came back to Quebec like six years ago because I've been in the states illegally for 15 years and they were just like changing the, you know, the documents and putting chips and things and all and exchanging more information and I just decided that it was going to eventually be trouble from this day. So I came back to Canada you have lived many three years and useless to have a life.
Tell me the truth tell me about is I've always fantasized.
I you know, I'm I've talked a lot on the show about how I'm a very big fan of driving and how I have found it to be very I would almost say spiritual to go on very very long drives. I've gone cross country in America by myself say that I really like it and you know, it's true. I've read a you know on the road by Kerouac a few times. I really I know some people roll their eyes at a but that's a very important book to me and Drives that route where he goes through the states and keeps going to Mexico you drove from Canada to Nicaragua. That's a yeah, that's huge.
Yes, I know my God Is He And then and I didn't speak Spanish when I first went I could literally say, you know, seeing all Feliz Navidad because the song and five days into Mexico the engine of my van caught fire and I was just by myself with a burned engine and like Feliz Navidad. It was no good. So and it was just like a little town of the mountains in northern Mexico and I do think been there five days. I was 23 years old and I was just like oh, no, you know this can't be over. So there's a family that helped me and they just found me a motel and I had a Spanish French dictionary in a book of conjugation and I used to spend the whole week as the mechanic was working on my engine like just reading the the two books and I had and I still have very retentive memory. So I could like I learned Spanish and no time. It was like urgent. So I use I in Spanish really quickly and it was amazing that trip was just like the best thing that could have ever happened to you because you know until then I was I was not feeling well, I was not feeling good about myself and then all of a sudden I was being I threw myself into an adventure that because I'm looking at the map right now and this means this means you drove through all of the United States all of Mexico and then maybe Guatemala Belize Honduras.
Maybe I'll Salvatore In to Nicaragua was Nicaragua always the goal or was that just where you kind of felt like the trip crapped out naturally?
all the way across to Panama Oh wait, you're breaking up.
Once again. You had said it sounded like you said your plan had been to go to Panama City Panama.
Yes Antics, but there was a lot of problems with the van on the way and I was alone and I was not a mechanic and all that and Nicaragua and just recently opened after this is a war so like, you know towards others probably was pretty French and so I just decided at that point that it was enough that I could turn around. I also spend a lot more time in Mexico than I thought. I like Mexico a lot more weight.
You keep breaking around you breaking up. I don't know if you've moved to a new area where you're breaking up more but you sounded perfect before if there's any way you could because I really want to hear this. So you're in Nicaragua. There's been a recent Civil War. You're by yourself van problems.
Sounds terrifying too many people.
Yes, but it was very cathartic. It changed my life. It really was like it was it was a Reaper. It's for me which is exactly what I needed and I really needed to be reborn and that did it for me and it's just like they definitely made me a better person and like pointed to better things in life and better things about myself.
So yeah, I like nothing was ever normal after I bought that van and I did keep it after that trip, but I ended up Like the following year moving to the North Pole staying there for a year and a half and so break. It was always like, you know from one crazy place to another doing unusual things for social movement in the North Pole.
Hold on you went to the North Pole. So you drove a van from you drove a van from Canada and Nicaragua you it is Panama as far as you can drive.
Is it once you hit the canal? That's as far as you can drive.
Or well, there's there's ways but it's not obvious after that. I guess I think you need guides and maybe fairies and things like that. So I'm not I'm not sure I wouldn't want to say one way or the other. So it's a long time ago to so you rent a van to be different.
Now you rent of it you drive Ticonderoga you bought of it. Sorry. Yeah. I'm just overwhelmed and then do you turn around and drive it back or you said you kept it you ship to ship it back? Yeah.
No, but you turn around.
Drive back to Canada and how do you wind up at the North Pole?
Well, you know, I mean, I'm in Canada. So I was it was after college and I had a student that I needed to take care of and like going too far away regions is one way to do it. So my new a couple people gone there and it was like good job opportunities, maybe better pay than in other places. So I went there because I had a couple connections and I wanted to work hard and pay my student loan. So I Good that I went there and I ended up working for small newspaper French newspaper and I ended up being the News correspondent for a CBC North Pole Yellowknife.
So it was a very amazing adventure to it was it was good.
So you got out of bed related you got out of a bad relationship and you just said let's burn this whole life down and rebuild it. Yes. Yes, then I was the idea.
That was the idea. I really had to break away from it. I had to do something very radical. I couldn't just like I've been trying to get away from my life while staying in it for a while and I just literally had to get out and as far away as possible. So I took that a couple different directions a couple of times and it worked out really well because like not only you're not necessarily, you know running away from something. That's like one thing that's happening with your also like Running after other things and for me just like go somewhere else. If I'm there like a great solution to like taking care of depression and problems and all that have done it a lot always work. So now this is very very different for me to be in one place for the last six years.
Now this I'll tell you because I was just going to say something that relates to that. It's starting to make a lot of sense to me because I think for a lot of people listening right now and I would say myself included the idea of diving deep into an Ayahuasca a Brazilian Ayahuasca Church would sound like something that is is removing stability from their life, but it sounds like your life had hit a point where it's actually inserted some stability.
Everybody's lives are different right? It was just looking for that Foundation maybe for some of us it is a mystical T and for others, it's other things.
Who knows maybe one of our advertisers has something that might bring some stability to your life.
Check out these goods and services using promo codes. We'll be right back.
Even if you're out there trying to do the right thing eat kale salads drink smoothies that you're preparing all the ingredients yourself. I'm telling you. We all know it's still likely that you're not getting all the essential nutrients. You need on a daily basis enter ritual the obsessively researched vitamin for women ritual makes it so easy ritual really makes it easy for you to get everything you need in one place.
My wife has used ritual. He's very fond of it. I think the way that they approach everything makes sense. They're taking a lot of the stress. You don't you don't have to go and think about okay, I got to go on the internet and research every single thing now, I gotta go to the store and see if I can track down all the versions of those things know they do all that for you rituals Essentials have the nutrients most of us. Don't get enough up from food D3 omega-3. So many more all of these things in their clean absorbable forms. There's no Shady additives. There's no weird ingredients that you never even heard of of that do more harm than good to your body Better Health doesn't happen overnight. And right now ritual is offering my listeners 10% off during your first three months fill in the gaps in your diet with essential for women a small step that helps support a healthy foundation for your body visit ritual. Com stories to start your ritual today.
That's 10% off during your first three months at ritual. Com / stories.
Thanks again to everybody who supports the show now. Let's finish off this conversation.
But it sounds like your life had hit a point where it's actually inserted some stability. Yes.
It did. At least it took care of my heart. I don't know, you know, I guess the solution is different for different people, but I think it's pretty common for young people to go through hard times during teenage years and young adulthood and I was I was having a lot of problems. I was not happy. I didn't like myself and all that. So for me just like completely Making the mold was the solution. So once I did it that young and they felt like, you know, I was at a point where I could die of inner starvation or balance back. I had to do something really radical to bounce back but it worked so well, it was just like rebirth like nothing less than rebirth was amazing and when you buy a little and went when you buy a van and say I'm going to go drive to Panama.
What does your family say?
My parents they were so worried of course, so but and also was the early 90s so, you know, it was difficult to stay in touch. I actually have like Kinder's like I still have deep regrets it is day because when I when I left with my van, it was just like not too long before Christmas and so over Christmas. I didn't call my family because of where I was and because of road conditions and all kinds of things like Call for three weeks. I didn't call for Christmas and New Year's which were also my mom and dad's birthday's and they lost it. They completely, you know, my dad called the Interpol and like it had disappeared.
I had disappeared and then when I finally, you know, I but I was I was too young and too self-centered, you know, I just needed to give too much attention to myself to even realize what I was putting my parents through but I've always regretted that so much that I put them through that pain and worry. And on like it took me three weeks to give a sign of Life. Meanwhile, like interpol's after me.
My dad had checked all the Mexican morgue and all that. But yeah, they were here. You know, of course my parents were always worried. Wow. I tried to stay in touch with them as much as possible. There's like event, you know, the thing is like the thing is they were so until then like you were so worried about me, you know about just my state of mind years later my Dad told me, you know in those years whenever I saw you I wondered if I would see you again like you I was worried.
Yeah, so the change was so yes, the change was so incredible that they embraced it. They were just like that's what it takes, you know, like because my parents until then I was good in school when I was young I said that I wanted to be a doctor everybody was super supportive of that and be pushed for a while and while I just broke away and my life was falling apart and all that and then you know once I just completely changed everything and just became like a crazy little butterfly like I became happy and I just became saying and inspired and so they see were really grateful for that. So they fully embraced it and I'm really really thankful that that happened because I know that you know, it's like it's a really hard thing to carry to like not not satisfy your parents with Be respect for you and come to some parents. Just don't let go some people just keep pushing and like it's very painful for both the parents and the children, but I'm lucky enough that for me like my parents like go of all like the very normal expectations that they had for me and they fully embraced Like Crazy Life and Adventures and you know, there's a whole genre.
There's like a whole genre of stories at like I mentioned on the road and I think part of Why people like into the wild of these people say just saying screw it and just heading off into the unknown you did it.
Yeah, you went and did it.
That's your life. And now you dress up as a Catholic schoolgirl and you drink you drink it.
You drink you drink this tea that alters your Consciousness and you dance in a room full of hundreds of people who are also dressed as schoolchildren. This is yeah and I absolutely amazing people and then you're there that they're really amazing people there is Like regular people like ever had Deja and then your day job is you grow you grow high grade.
Marijuana your day job is you grow high grade?
Marijuana? Yeah. This is some life. This is some life it is it is it is it's amazing. It's it is an unusual life at the same time because you know because of all of this I've been part of a big Counter Culture for many years. Definitely not me can my world. I'm not like I'm not unique like a be know the people around me that You know do those things is it is like I have a lot of like like you are my kin, but your world is your world is probably on The Fringe by most people's standards certainly serious. It is not on the front where it is.
Yeah. It's a big world On The Fringe, you know your friend. Yeah. I like to flirt with The Fringe from time to time.
Absolutely. It's good, you know everybody should I think how often can you do, Iowa? Find the file. This is not a thing.
You can't just have this like a cup of your morning tea everyday. You gotta you gotta space this out, right?
One depends how much you take also and what I mean, you could decide that you're like taking like a smaller dose of Ayahuasca every day for a while other people who do that or Reason. Is it people taking Ayahuasca every to happen every day every day? Yes. Well, you know it for sure some specific reason they could be trying to heal something or you know, or when you go make the medicine and Results so it takes a lot its work now. Let me ask you about this because you you said people have to have a reason and I've tried to be very respectful.
I've noticed that you have consistently referred to it as a medicine. Now. There are a lot of people out in the world who would treat it as a drug who would take it simply because they want to go on a drug trip. It sounds to me like that's not something you'd advocate for know.
I don't know. I also think I don't know enough about those people to have like a really strong opinion. In about them or what they do or why they do it. I know it's possible to get like the increase. So let's just wait you're breaking up you're breaking up like it's your Consciousness and Consciousness went your Consciousness went back into the nether realm and literally removing. I've been moving to excuse. My signal is really not great at home, but your story is getting so intense that your phone is breaking then that He was happy.
So let me ask you. So when one of these because I'm sure I'm sure like for me when I was in Brazil, let's be honest.
I wasn't trying to tap into the Santo daime a faith. Like I was just like I've been I did a ton of MDMA this summer and I've been messing with Adderall. Maybe I should get some Ayahuasca where it's legal. There's people like that who must wander into your church where you know, I got all right. These guys are not here to really dive into the spirituality this they just wanna have a good time.
With this tea and then all of a sudden is it like these people show up and you're like all right here put on this Catholic schoolgirl uniform and get ready to dance and are they just so overwhelmed?
It doesn't work like that at all. Actually, you know, it's like it's we're part or the fine for one thing. So I know it's usually, you know, like people don't come on their own like usually bring some like, you know people yeah, there's They're screening their does it they don't just come to the door and show up for a ceremony everybody that comes through a ceremony is expected to be there as had contact with us first and it has like an interview and all of that. So it was like, it just doesn't happen just like a random person comes for fun all people that come to us people know already.
It's working. It's worth a lot. You're breaking up.
You're breaking up so bad. Oh, no.
I don't know what to do.
There you are if there's anything you just changed better stick with that. So you're saying in the same spot really daring moving.
It's okay. So you're saying people generally get invited in or escorted in and therefore they are maybe in some ways vetted by an existing members so that it's not just some like so it's not this is not a thing where it's like a couple of Frat Boys who are like, let's go get fucked up like you're making sure that that Even enter the premises for Enter The Diary there's you know that you dragged her up.
Every time you go to targets breaking up and I want to hear it all should we call you back or something? I don't know. Maybe you can try calling me back. That's great. I always grass service. Okay. Yes, I do. Let's keep doing it. But he must have that.
I don't want to slam any company in case they want to advertise on the show. Show but I have my guess of what cell provider you have.
I live I live in the forest of so that's why I wish I lived the right in the yes. I live right in the middle of the forest. So it's either culture fun signal. I know you didn't even have to say that.
Of course you live in the forest.
I know that's we all know that We are yeah, I live in the beautiful Forest now.
I've always understood that if I remember right the active ingredient of Ayahuasca is DMT and some people will synthesize the DMT and just smoke that and I've heard that that is one of the most intense experiences you can have with a substance in the popular. I think the popular myth around that is this idea that when you smoked DMT, it makes you understand what it feels like to die.
Have you done it and it's concentrated form would you? That that's a true thing about that.
I think it can be I have done it but I haven't done it many times and I also had a really terrifying experience with it. So I don't really want to get into that. I don't feel like it's something that I know the Ayahuasca is a mixing, you know, the DMT plant like the the plan that has the DMT with the other plant. It just stretches out the effect. So it changes its Affects you so when you know, it's still the empty but operating differently than if you just like smoked DMT. So yeah, I wouldn't really know what to say about it. I don't people have a really strong experiences with it for sure.
You're not someone who judges it sounds like and I'm sure if there's people who who get something out of it, you'd give that a thumbs up but to hear you talk about all the stuff you've done and then say actually when I did DMT it was a terrifying experience for you. Say that that must be an intense substance because I don't think there's too many things in life that strike you as overly intense.
I don't know maybe I thought you know after I had that experience I thought I would probably try very strong things again, and I just never did after that. It's like I have a little bit of PTSD from people.
How do you have ideas d a lot of letters? I mean that if there's anything the thing that makes me if I've ever been scared of a substance. I am scared of DMT right now as you tell me as the person brave enough to drive to Nikkor.
Yeah.
I know I hear you. I know what you're about to say, right like you're not going to disparage it if it works for other people, but that is so yeah.
I hope they have very little experience very little experience with it. And it for me it turned out to be very scary. So I'm not a good advocate for it. Wow.
Okay.
Here's the thing. Here's the thing. I'll say and and I wonder what you would say because you sound like a thoughtful. You don't sound like someone who's like everyone has to do this. It sounds like a thing where you're like, I've it works for me and I've seen it be beautiful for others.
I've always been scared of the idea.
And I know that you don't call them psychedelics. I feel like that is the broad terminology. I've always known them as I've always been calling this as someone who has had a lot of mental issues. I have always felt like it would be Very ill-advised for me to mess with something that might alter my chemistry in a way that that could yeah.
Yeah, she passed it to conditioners and it doesn't go with antidepressants. So that's ruled out for anybody who's on meds for you know doesn't go together. So that takes care of it right there.
Yeah, as far as the fear. Well, I don't know you know that. Belongs to each person when people come when they're ready, I guess and a lot of times it's not you know, the fear is much greater than like the actual thing that happens the first few times like it doesn't, you know, take everybody with the same force from the beginning.
So for a lot of people it's again, it's hard. It's like the you're breaking up. Hey climb to the top of a tree. Can you climb to a top of the tree the tree in the forest so that you get better reception.
Do you live in a tree house?
I would not be shocked if you live in a tree house. Oh, no, I live in a regular house. I live in a nice house at like fits really well in the middle of the forest a forest house, but it's a house.
I guess. I guess there's a part of me was hoping you would do in a treehouse if I'm being honest.
Yeah, I I have friends of build them though. They don't have one.
I stayed in a treehouse once on my honeymoon.
Yeah, and the guy who owned it.
It was great and the guy who owned it was named Sky, which I thought was really on target for a guy who's going to build treehouses.
Yeah, I would love to have one. They're awesome. Yeah and here. Yeah, especially now the color is in the forest are so beautiful. Well, you must have that like Upstate New York. Yeah gorgeous in the fall.
I've been known to take a drive to go with Leaf peeping. I've been known yes.
Yes. Yes, it's waifu. Do it.
Yeah, you gotta go. Look at the leaves up in Upstate New York. Beautiful. Yeah.
Yeah. It's pretty amazing. We are you know, we just we we get jaded it's not normal for a lot of people in the world to look at. I like bright pink tree next to the golden one and all that's like so so special. It's good to just like open fresh eyes. Oh, yeah, it's here where I live is where I live is fantastic. Yeah, I can imagine.
It must be nice to take a sip of the Sacred medicine and then soak in all the colors Nature has to offer.
Yeah, yeah. Absolutely. Okay. This can be nicely. Yeah are most of your friends are most of your friends fellow people who imbibe this substance on a regular basis.
Yes.
Well, if you know, it turns out to be like that because when I when I came back to Quebec, I wish I had been very deeply involved with that in California and in places where there is Under Diamond universe connection. So some friends. They're pointed me to some people here. So I've been gone for so long for 23 years. So I didn't really have friends anymore. I had to start all new. So that's where I started. I went to the son to die met here and that's who became my friends and like extended circles from that because it's not only the front of them. He's like other forms also, but most of the people I know are, you know connected to that in one way or another. Maybe it's not as Regular as me but it selects a lot of people that I met here because liking I guess it just and that's what that that's how I started new with that group of people and do and do you live alone? Can I ask if you live alone in the forest?
No, I have a housemaid and I have I have like a neighbor right clothes and one that's like maybe three four minutes walk. But it's a private. We're all like on private lands 300 acres of private Forest 8 and that's it like that for houses and 304 houses houses on the other side of the lake 300 acres this Describing yeah and assisted by more for it. So it's more than that like the land, you know where I live a hundred acres but around is more for us the driveways my along through the forest is how many miles long?
One one you have a mile long driveway.
That's one of the most astounding things about this whole call you have a mile long dirt road is your driveway that's blowing my mind as much as anything else that's blowing my mind as much as I can is quite something in the driveway clean.
I'll tell you I saw you last winter was epic.
We have a minute and a half left. I'm just going to tell you something that I think you might take this as a real. Compliment I feel high just talking to you.
It went so fast. Yeah. Wow. I mean I feel high to talking to you. It's not it's not me. It might be you.
Yeah, but you said you're a lot of people who you might be high to be fair. You've broken and the forest. Yeah, I don't smoke it.
So it's just like I'm yeah, really? I don't smoke cannabis ever ever. Wow, I would have guessed otherwise, yeah. No if I find it too strong, it's very strange for me. Is this as you funny a really strong you finally we do strong but you do Ayahuasca every couple weeks. Yes, so yours to you and yet can't for me. It doesn't even compare cannabis is okay. It's on me. It's a lot.
So nice and so I don't I don't know. Okay, this is everything you say stops me in my tracks.
That's really amazing.
We've got 20 seconds left. I want to thank you because this is a culture that I think a lot of people hear about and you've told us a lot of specifics that I think many of us have been were known before so thank you for that.
I hope I didn't create too much controversy because it's a world of like so many opinions. I like diverging opinions. Ins and all that so I hope you know, I think I was speaking more for the Brazilian part of it that is less known. So I hope like I made people feel receptors about it beautiful thing. Well laughing obrigada.
Yeah what we got Caller, thank you so much brother eye-opening information about the various substances in this world.
Please be careful with that cannabis because I would hate for that to overpower your chill Ayahuasca result. And I also just do want to say that for anybody listening. I am certainly not encouraging anybody to do drugs. I believe in your freedom to do you define your own life, but I understand them.
We're certainly hoping people.
Is this an excuse to go Master lives up in yo, do your research and stay safe with any drug you please thank you for listening to that.
Thanks. Jared O'Connell. Thanks Harry Nelson. Thanks Shaq for the music. You want to know more about me? And when I'm on the road Chris gift. Com let the show go to Apple podcast rate review subscribe. Thanks so much for listening to see you next time.
next time on beautiful anonymous it came out about my dad who passed away and in fact was murdered.
I'm glad it's okay.
This is something that both be my friend here. We actually talked about a lot and bought it over and you want to tell them why yeah, so well, hey, I like my friend you're sitting right next to him.
He can tell you if you want to tell his story. Why would I told us Oh, you know more of it.
In high school, my dad was murdered.
I'm sorry. Yeah, I'm sorry. Yeah.
Strip clubs, pickles and dads getting murdered, thats what these bros bond over. In one of the most chaotic episodes ever, two callers are on the phone thousands of miles away while their buddy joins Gethard on stage at Ant Hall in Detroit! This episode is brought to you by Bayer, Candid Co (www.candidco.com/stories code: STORIES), and Joybird (www.joybird.com/beautiful25 code: BEAUTIFUL25).
READ LESS
Hello to all my pickle Bros one hour one phone call. No names No Holds Barred.
I'd rather no one on one. I think it'll be more.
Love me, beautiful. Anonymous don't hit the fast-forward button just yet. Please don't I got some big announcements one this Friday beautiful follow-ups returns to stitch your premium use the code stories get a free month Stitch your premium. And if you remember last year, we did follow up calls with a lot of the caller's that had some dangling threads that we want to know about summer colors that were the most popular ones amongst Facebook group.
It returns. We've already recorded calls with such luminaries as the road. Dogs and earlier today. I talked with the caller from call 17 early-onset currently in this moment. We are literally on a break between two calls with prison bound because she can only talk for 15 minutes at a time and I'm recording this in the 15 minutes till she can call back.
So use that code stories you get Stitcher premium. Not only do you get this year's follow-up to get last year's follow-ups you get a whole bunch of live calls that you can't hear anywhere else. You get our whole back catalog if you haven't checked it out yet. So So if you're beautiful and I miss Finn, it's good value. Let alone all the other shows that have stuff up there in the the premium shows that don't exist anywhere else another announcement.
It is with both pride and a heavy heart that I want to give a very very genuine. Thank you to mr. Harry Nelson has been such a big part of the show. Harry is I'll tell you what a very very talented young man, and he's gotten a job in Los Angeles, so he'll be leaving us. And I've given Harry a hard time throughout the history of this show.
There is all stretch where I accused Harry of trying to overthrow me he of course did our April Fool's episode which cause actually a number of people to get very mad and even unsubscribe think we actually lost subscribers there were people who four or five months later messaged me and were like, holy shit. I didn't realize that was a joke and I haven't listened for months since I thought they did you dirty but in reality Harry is such a nice guy and has been such a big part of things here and here.
Will be missed it's so nice to see him move on to another gig that he's excited about and also so sad I won't have him sitting in that Booth typing good questions help me out. Although he's promised. He's gonna return for the beautiful Anonymous convention beautiful con Anonymous, which will be happening in Spring of next year.
So keep your ears peeled for info on that. Okay. This week's call was alive call. We just did in Detroit a few months back. I want to thank everybody. At Planet Aunt for having me they run great venues great shows. A lot of amazing comedy happens out there planet and. Com. If you're in Detroit, what a fun venue this week's call. It's hilarious.
It's chaotic. I'm going to ask you to stick with it. But I think a lot of you guys are going to agree. This is one of the by far hands down funniest calls we've ever had it's nuts. There's one person on stage to people on the phone on top of all the hilarity. There's actually some some really gripping real-life stuff in the middle at and the interplay between all of it.
I was laughing so hard on stage anyone who's at that Detroit show can tell you I was crying tears of laughter was one of my favorite experiences in 20 years of Performing and I hope you enjoy this one as much as I did.
Thank you for calling beautiful Anonymous a beeping noise will indicate when you are on the show with the host.
Hey, yeah. Hey, what's up, man?
Hey are you doing well, Chris? Yeah, yeah, it's me. Hey, are we doing we're just chilling.
That's good. Dude. I'm chilling too.
Are we are we in this thing right now? Are we not also I should say that my friends here too. Hi. I'm here.
Well, hello to you and your friend the answer is yes. We are in this thing. I want to let you know that I have some friends here as well. They are all the beautiful Anonymous and some comedy fans of the Greater Detroit metropolitan area. I want you to know don't be intimidated. They're all very nice and they have your back. I promise.
Chris can I say one thing? Can I ask one thing? That might be crazy? Okay, so I might have a friend there right now. I'm not going to say his name. But what's the chance that I could get them up on stage and he could join this call to okay. This is unprecedented. You're saying you are friends with someone in the crowd and you think they are not going to say his name. You're not going to say his name, but he does he will know you.
Yeah, he'll know me and he knows he knows who All right. Now, I'm sure that's all you beautiful and he'll stay Anonymous. So you're saying that you and a friend are on a phone. You have a third friend who is here. There's someone standing up right now. No, he's sitting back down and you're requesting that your friend who was present in the room get up on stage and participate in the call with us. Although I will remain anonymous.
Oh people are pointing. Hello. Come on up. This is your friend. These are your friends on the phone. Did you know, this was a boy? Well mine and I know it's him.
Don't pay your name.
Anyway, come on stage. How are you? Thank you so much. I'm being told you can't say your name. I know we're throwing everyone for a loop if there is a spare microphone around it would be great. I don't know if there is if not we can share now. Did you did you know, this might be a possibility that you're absolutely I was sitting down and I oh, yeah, I called him on the way here and I was talking to him about he's a big fan and I'm a big fan and I told him yo, they're taking calls.
Here's the You're ahead of the game. You hasn't led to heated seats. So we cheat a little bit. So you pulled a ruse told your friends that call was coming. Now. Did you tell them? No, you gotta get me up onstage or that's all him. I this is this is no we did that. We didn't get it. He lied to him.
This is gonna be hard not saying his name, but if this is all him, it's not me. Well now you're in it for an hour here Mike. There's here Mike. Ready? He's ready. All right, let's just wait we're lines you crazy. We got were thrown out a lot at you. So you whatever you want to do. Yeah. Well well, thanks bro.
Thanks, bro. No problem man. No problem. I will say I've been doing this. Now for many years. We've had we have close to 200 of these phone calls. This is unprecedented. I have had to close and everyone lived everyone. Your bro is a problem.
I'm going to give it to my friend you guys talk. Well, I'm a little less excitable than n so I can okay. I can calm down a little bit. Well, I'm just gonna ask you you're very excited. I have a feeling you may also be high out of your mind. Is this a possibility?
He's locked out but he is recovering from whatever is going on and he'll be right back area. He got a charger. He's good. We're ready.
This is perhaps the greatest amount of chaos. This show has ever seen. This is what you want it is.
Bro, dude on the phone. Are you listening? Yeah, if you keep interrupting us while we talk, I'm gonna hit you friends.
Yeah, we gotta have some order in this man. You gotta let us finish sentences. I will I will keep him in line. I will keep him in track because we got 58 minutes left and the crowd is very Charmed by this right now, but after like 20 more minutes of us just we're just riffing riffing talking over one another it's gonna get for 20 minutes.
Jeremy so nice to meet you. Is that that about you Chris what's going on here is we have two people on the line. Okay. Okay. Okay. One of my proudest is the original one. There's another guy there who I'm also friends with. Yeah, Chris just took off his jacket you guys gotta calm down Chris Chris. I'm sorry. We are we Gonna we're gonna be calm we're going to be good. We have a story to tell so we got too drunk Bros. We got one humiliated friend of one overwhelmed host. Welcome to beautiful Anonymous, unfortunately.
Okay, so let's everybody take a deep breath and to my Bros on the phone. Do not talk. Yeah, don't talk don't talk until I asked you to talk and I'm asked our friend here who's on stage. Also. Anonymous has not told me your name. What is the nature of your relationship with the two men on the phone guys on the phone? You gotta let him answer this one one of the guys on the phone I grew up with we're both from the Metro Detroit area.
He's just one of my Friends the other one I met about a year ago. I used to live on the west coast where they're at right now and just developed a pretty good relationship with them and it's that's that. Yeah. They're just two crazy guys. Okay, your friend guys on the phone your friend has referred to you as quote two crazy guys, would you say that is accurate or inaccurate?
Yeah, it's pretty spot-on.
What makes you guys so crazy.
We just like to let loose a little bit. I don't know we got and have fun. My friend is now sitting across the room right now because he's scared to talk too much, but he said and have fun. No, let's put him on the phone for a second. Let's put them on the phone for Zane. Come on over. Come on over.
Hey Chris. Hey, bro. I want you to know I'm not mad at you and I didn't mean to make you feel self-conscious. I just needed to Wrangle this bed. Oh, no.
I am gonna try to talk calmly and just say this is an honor to be here. We're very groovy. Yeah, so so I grew up with that guy that you're sitting next to right now. So I guess one of my best friend from childhood. We're standing at that day that night. Yeah, and then this guy that's sitting here right next. I got my arm around him because I love him. He's a good friend of mine.
I met him out here when I moved out here and we start becoming friends about comedy and we talked a lot about you. Everything and we started getting closer and then we started taking comedy classes as a couple of white rose do unfortunately, but then we took the class and you talk we took the class and I at one point in the class. We have to tell a little story about ourselves and it came out about my dad who passed away and in fact was murdered.
Oh, I'm so sorry little glad It's okay.
This is something that both me and my friend here.
We've actually talked about a lot and bonded over and you want to tell him why yeah, so well, hey I let my friend you're sitting right next to him. He can tell you if you want to tell his story. Why would I tell the story?
I'm not going to tell your story.
Chris sputters, huh? Not get on the podcast on other people's stories.
No, we're here. We're good. Okay, so I'll just go do it somewhere High School. Wow.
Wait, hold on just to make this clear before we go on guy that I grew up with your guy. Number one from now on I'll great cause I should have charged. Another guy is Guy number two, he's from he's from Chicago I can I make Slight adjustment. Yeah can guy you grew up with your guy. Number one the newer guy in the fridge yet your bro. Number one. I don't want to interrupt but I've got a bad guy number three here to what's out there.
No, dude. Get him out. I don't know. Yes. Yes.
Yes put a stranger on the phone.
Let's head into the lion other in the air put another guy on the You think I can't handle? We're in Detroit. This is the heart of America bring that shit part of America's. Thank you. Chris. Drink them Faygo drinking Bagel Boy. I'm drinking foreigners.
Burger baby story you're saying you have another human present joining in Midway through yeah, he doesn't want to talk. So we're just sitting in the corner is going to watch and listen and have fun. Wait who guy number one? Who is it? Give me a hint. He has my boy. My roommate got it.
Hey, hi guy number three. It's astonishing that not even five minutes are at best. This is I'm covered in sweat. I'm fairly.
Okay.
Okay cell. So he said that his dad was murdered in the class. Yeah, we were both sharing. This is after about four months of knowing each other getting really we are like two of our new the newest friends that we've had when we moved out here for a reason move recently moved to the West Coast. So it was just cool to have a new friend out here.
And so he said that this is going to be a big pivot but in high school, my dad was murdered. Oh, wow. I'm sorry. Yeah. I'm sorry. Yeah, so so for me guy number two, my dad was murdered 13 years ago in 2006 and my dad was murdered in 2012 right guy number will a what are we calling the guy on stage? Dude, I'm dude. Number one. Yeah, we got guy number one broker and team number one.
Yeah, so my dad was murdered and it's a larger story. But we already have too much going on two murders two boys two Bros and we became fast friends always tell him a story about how I told you about this. Oh, yeah, so I end up announcing to the class about my dad and then my friend here didn't tell me about his dad for at least another month the easiest thing to bring up in casual conversation. If you can imagine at least it wasn't the barely time to change, but he Telling you about his we have a okay. So we have a friend who's a stripper. She invited us to her current number six and number six. She invited us to her birthday party at the strip club and we went and we got a little drunk and emotional and that was the time that my friend here decided to tell me we about his dad in the strip club, right before we go. We went and watched our platonic friend dance naked in front of us is the money at so there's a lot of history that this is all true I can and to you where this is you were drunk in a strip club revealed you have this shared traumatic experience where you could lean on each other broke down crying and then a friend of yours who was not an employee of the strip club, but was a platonic friend decided it would be a good boy.
What was a she was a stripper. She worked at the strip club for her birthday. We went and saw her get naked. What a present term. What a gift to her dear is great, very, Part of very strong because she could beat us all up he could and he's awesome. If you ever listen to that, you're awesome. So you revealed these deep truths to one another found that you have this bond that not many people share crying and then a naked dance happened where you and you were still crying while it happened.
We were that we kind of laughing at that point because we realize we're in a strip club. It was the absurdity of the situation kind of took over that point and we were now throwing singles that are very good friends. And who is now also naked? So you revealed? Hey, I needed to tell you this. I haven't been sure how you shared this very honest piece of information. And actually my father was passed away in the same fashion, and I didn't know how to tell you a very very quick moment of emotion and then you're making it rain instant. Yeah, that's about we don't make a lot of money.
So yeah, like five to ten dollars where our friends are making it drizzle. You are making it missed. Yes. Yeah now I also have to point something out just so you guys know have you been told that your two voices are shockingly similar?
No, no, baby, but we are two white males. I'll tell you that again. Yeah.
That's why we bring on do number one because he brings in the diversity diversity really help you.
I've been a token fragment.
You paid money to be ready.
I have to do number one. Did you bring did you bring the Faygo for him? I got some Moon mist and my car for you.
I was gonna bring it to the stand up. Why sounds great man. I can't wait and overall. I can't wait. I already drank a red pop backstage. I'm halfway through Verner. So I'm going to be cracked out of my mind. Amen. The amen. Let's hop over there.
Now.
It sounds like you guys on the phone that you're real kindred spirits and that you're able to lean on each other and that you have similar Hobbies, but I don't want to I don't want to dwell on it too much but I have to say when you go through something so specific and and something that I would imagine is really so hard and horrible it. Yeah and you find someone else who knows exactly what it feels like that that must be A pretty good moment in your life to find each other truthfully.
It's it almost seems like divine intervention. I don't know I will say I will remember that night at the strip club for the rest of my life. That was back conversation. I was the most insane range of emotions of ever experienced.
So in a short amount of time, so yeah, that's a that's a pretty it really feels it does feel Really nice to have someone like this that has experienced same things. But also, you know, we relate on many other levels.
That is it is really I say this it's going to sound like I'm being facetious, but I have to say to be like I've been through this thing and I don't know how to talk about it with anybody and then I find another bro who loves strip clubs who can actually understand.
It's something really yeah amazing about that.
Yeah, we're lucky to have each other. I'm lucky to have him and we're lucky to have number one do number one two. Yeah. Now I want to tell you something about your friend on stage. Is that every time you guys start getting ridiculous like when you start talking about crying and making it missed in the stripping pad and well, no, I turn to him and I can feel most of the crowd look at him and he is effectively being forced to take responsibility for everything you to say to that.
You can corroborate everything we say he's been there for a lot of yeah, he's using the one telling us like what's bad and stuff so We're lost without him. And now did you do did you guys meet when you were already out on the West Coast or were you in Detroit when you met me and Guy number one man over here you we me and Guy number one have known each other since since like sixth grade, uh-huh. Both we grew up just about 20 minutes from here.
Yeah, bro. I met out there like your grandpa. Do you still live out here? Yeah. So have I moved back out here like in like February. So you initially moved out to California at the same time. Did you guys move out together? No, he was out there. I think a couple I know I might have been a year before I did and then I graduated a little later moved out. There is one of my best friends for you know, like a vault. I like he's just one of my very very best friends. And so it was good to have them out there and sort of lived. We went to different colleges. And so even though we're from the same part of town and he mentioned like the Thing that happened with his Dad. We I was I mean, I was friends with them when all that happened. And so it was it kind of sucked when we went to different schools in see each other as much and so is nice like for all 2018 we were you know, we lived 10 minutes from each other and hung out all the time and got to do a lot of things together and it's pretty sad that I'm not out there with them right now, but they're still they're still doing their thing. You know now guy want on the phone.
What's the thing you miss the most about your buddy who's standing here on stage with?
Me and I hate him so much don't like him at all.
Better off without him He was just so visibly now. We're not about realize I can't keep going. Like I was choking back tears one while you're saying that do number one. So thank you. I love you and I miss you too. It's all too.
But what do I miss the most about him? It was like he he's known me as one of the one of the people who's known me the longest we've had the most talk, but we also didn't know each other very well.
Most of our adult life and so the year that he was out here.
We finally got to have an adult relationship where we got to talk openly about more more harder subjects and got to really get to know each other more as adults and not having him to talk about those things and person is tough. We still talk a lot on the phone. But he also just at this point. He probably knows me the best out of a lot of people out of anybody could be and for not having him right next to me for when I start yelling at stuff and like Get too excited and go to too wild.
It's tough not having him as an anchor. Yeah, just to just a button real quick to you. Both. You guys got to tone it down a little bit like you guys are yelling into the phone. You got way too much energy right now and where you're at. It's like what five o'clock so yeah, keep it intact.
That's what you're here for ya control us.
They got your bitch. I'm staying out of this.
Yeah, so that's what I miss most about. How about you guy number two? What do you miss most about him? Yeah, we don't even need Chris anymore this way. Yeah. It's I'm gonna go ahead and pause and say thank you Detroit booing that guy out of the room because he said I shouldn't be there look at that. You guys really like me.
That's nice. Guess what else you might really like some of the products and services that our advertisers have to offer check these out use the promo codes helps show when you do with be right back with more of this and saying conversation.
Even if you're out there trying to do the right thing eat kale salads drink smoothies that you're preparing all the ingredients yourself. I'm telling you. We all know it's still likely that you're not getting all the essential nutrients. You need on a daily basis enter ritual the obsessively researched vitamin for women ritual makes it so easy ritual really makes it easy for you to get everything you need in one place.
My wife has used ritual. He's very fond of it. I think the way that they approach everything makes sense. They're taking a lot of the stress. You don't you don't have to go and think about okay, I got to go on the internet and research every single thing now, I gotta go to the store and see if I can track down all the versions of those things know they do all that for you rituals Essentials have the nutrients most of us. Don't get enough up from food D3 omega-3.
So many more all of these things in their clean absorbable forms. There's no Shady additives. There's no weird ingredients that you never even heard. Of that do more harm than good to your body Better Health doesn't happen overnight. And right now ritual is offering my listeners 10% off during your first three months fill in the gaps in your diet with essential for women a small step that helps support a healthy foundation for your body visit ritual. Com stories to start your ritual today.
That's 10% off during your first three months at ritual. Com / stories. We all know making small changes can be really positive can have a healthy effect on your lifestyle the right towel turns a bathroom into a spa you can make all these upgrades with Brooklyn and you know Brooklyn and as the internet's favorite sheets, but they're also home to betting loungewear towels and more with over 50,000 plus five star reviews and Counting now, they have everything for Life Essentials shower curtains bath mats, robes totes final details that help you make a big upgrade just this very morning. I stepped out of the shower and I stepped onto a Brooklyn and bath mat and it felt good under my feet to the degree that I noticed. I hadn't realized it was the Brooklyn and one that was out. And before I even look down I said, that's Brooklyn and right there then I grabbed myself a whole Good Old Brooklyn and towel and I dried myself off and I felt great about it is it's thick its fluffy. It works. I love it love my Brooklyn and stuff high quality stuff. You can hear my voice.
This is real Brooklyn. Com. It's the perfect place to start making small changes that make big differences Brooklyn and so confident in their product that all their sheets comforter is loungewear and towels come with a lifetime warranty. So go on make yourself comfortable get 10% off your first order and free shipping when you use the promo code stories only at Brooklyn and. Com. That's br. Oh, okay L INE n. Com promo code stories and hey New Yorkers. If you're listening you can get the internet's favorite sheets in real life. Visit Brooklyn's first store in Brooklyn at 127 Kent Evan Williamsburg, Brooklyn and And everything you need to live your most comfortable life.
Thanks again to all of our advertisers now, let's bring Ya Back.
Yeah, we don't even need Chris anymore this point. Yeah, it's that was mean that was me.
I do miss this guy dude, bro there a lot.
He was a very very fast friend that I made.
I'm in Los Angeles, and he made it a lot better experience over here, and we want to meet a lot of music shows together. We wanted a lot of things together.
Just a better all-around great guy and a good friend of mine and I hope he comes back soon.
Please come back to you my friend. Look at that. I love you guys.
I miss you, but I guess I love you, too.
We also both bonded over fermenting pickles and making pickles so over what pickles we're big pickler's Chris big pickler's.
Yeah.
I think we just found the title of the episode the big pickler's. Yeah, we know how to pickle. I don't know how to cook. Wait. Do you mean you enjoy eating pickles or you enjoy the experience? All right. We that would be number one guys. Enjoyed eating pickles guy. Number one, just enjoys eating them. Yeah, they're okay.
I've had better food. So So it sounds like some of you actually like taking Brian and jars. Is it you both million guy? Yeah that to AKA bro. Number one. Yes. Yes. Okay, sir. That's getting very became friends over like in the same way that they bonded over the murders of their dads.
We bought it over pickles me and me and bro number one bonded over pickling.
What is the time down there?
The two Hobbies. I know you enjoy strip clubs pickling.
And maybe that Dad dying bad thing where he like talking about though.
The crowd has a lot of sympathy and I feel like they're not ready to laugh at at those jokes. Although you crushed that one actually wait what kind of stuff are you periodically so so bro know how God the second guy second guy from Chicago guy named big big Pickler guy and he he's a he's big on like the half sours and stuff and he does a whole thing with like fermentation and you know like the whole Actual making pickles my family on my mom's side is from Afghanistan. So we have like a special.
It doesn't ferment or anything. It's just like a very it's like a poor man's pickle. Yes, like radish some cucumbers and carrots. And did you grow up making these? Yeah pickles and then and then guy number two in California. Have you long been a pickle enthusiasts?
So he has some family history to go with the pickling. I'm just like a weird guy who likes pickles.
Nah, implementing fermenting it was it started as the fermenting Hobby and big beer. I made kimchi and all that kind of stuff but pickled kind of fell into that umbrella a little bit. So you guys meet in California and you're like, bro, you're into pickling. Yeah, you're never gonna believe that is exactly what happened. Literally what happened.
It was it was mind-blowing. I was like I've taken to my friend. He's like, I have some pickles in my fridge and then it was dog is game over.
So you guys I want to reiterate you'll hit the strip club. You'll be like the definition of bro young dudes and then you will go and literally do a hobby that I have never met anyone who's not like 65 and is into it Midwest. They were from the Midwest. I kind of my mind's like the Middle East last.
That was a good one. Do number one and they're killing it out there.
Hey Chris, really quick button. I think I can fix this name trouble and we called it the guy onstage Abigail and we can call me Tanya. I mean call the guy next to me Judy Judy.
Judy Judy. Yeah. Okay. So we got Tanya and Judy on the phone and Abigail standing next to me AKA. I think it was dude one bro on guy one know Abigail. That was not right.
Do you number one is Abigail guy? Number one is Tanya and bro. Number one the Judy and who's on first. What the fuck are we doing here man?
I think it got more. I think if you can't help Abigail, you can keep talking about pickles Abigail Duty will keep talking about pickle now pickles are over after like, that's the we did pickle. We're done with that. Yeah. Do you ever spend time in New York City? Have you been ever been to New York me?
Tanya talking about going out there to was cool to see Martin out here. We you know see him on your show. He's the best is awesome because I'll tell you in the Lower East Side bad. There's a long tradition in the Lower East Side of Manhattan. There's like a long tradition. It's like a historically it was a very Jewish neighborhood and there's still some old-school pickler's and I bet you guys would go there and lose your fucking minds.
We've crossed solid do it. They put out like big barrels of different pickle things right on the sidewalk and you can walk By and get and you know, get whatever you want. That sounds beautiful reunions to her.
Let's go.
You guys are bringing the heat so hard that it's been. A solid 20 minutes since you revealed that your dad's were murdered and I haven't even asked for one detail. That's how much it is on the bones of this calm.
We got time sounds about right now. Are you have you guys been drinking and California are these accusations true?
Now completely sober ever or just now.
That's a good question.
Yeah, I meant ever. Yeah. Have you ever had a drink?
Right now that to okay a few but right now we are we are very so we are very sober at the moment. I'm gonna ask the most broad question I can and I can't I'm bracing myself for the answer collectively Tanya Judy and Abigail. Are you willing to put your heads together and share with me the most ridiculous thing you guys have gotten into as a unit because you've clearly made a will, but what really quickly Abigail Abigail if he's ever drink?
No, you don't have to answer.
He already did don't have to answer. You can ask me a question and then not want me to have you ever drank. No, that's why I want you to answer by to know if you were safe answering comes rules. I wanted you to be comfortable. I'm on stage with Chris gethard.
I just planned. I paid $25 to sit in the audience. And now I'm up here anything goes right?
Yeah, you didn't want to make him uncomfortable Evite dragging. I'm onstage in front of 200 people making them accountable for your lunacy. So I do not drink for ya Tanya. Not now.
That was good Judy Judy give it that's because we're going to talk about something. So it's so for religious reasons. Yeah, it is sort of I grew up Muslim and so's just a part of a part of the culture and things and it sort of Even though I'm not as religious as my mom would like me to be I guess it's just I just don't need it. I feel I can sort of this not technically the same vein as you but like it's just something that I don't need at this time my life, right? So that's just where I'm but it still has an effect. Have you seen there's a show guy I've known for years put it out Rami on.
Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. That's what I thought that show is so brilliant man. Yeah. Yeah talk about At a lot because that's just a lot of like probably 90% of the things in that show. I've experienced in some way. Yeah, I was going to say it sounds between the mom stuff and the drinking stuff being an American bro while also holding on to the values of the Old Country. It sounds like that show was written for yeah.
Oh absolutely. It was it was one of those things where when it came out. I was tying a lot of people to watch it because it's hard to like convey a lot of the things that you kind of grew up with being like a first generation American. Yeah, all these things but if you if if you're here in the crowd tonight or at home listening I have to just say it really is a brilliant show. I think it's brilliantly written in acting and I also want to say that I have known Rami since he was like a kid he started so young and he is one maybe as much as any comedian I've ever met. He's the genuine article. He's as nice as he seems he's just like a straight-up hard-working dude who deserves all the success.
So I want to make sure that since I have a chance I plug that show that's What an interesting crew you guys got hit Judy? What are you thinking about?
What am I thinking about I'm thinking about I'm happy to be here with three of my or two of my very very good friend and talk to you not inside inside best friend.
Yeah, why did I get cut out of the equation? Are you talking about the creep who's lingering silently in the corner? And I was going on to say and we're talking to Chris gethard, which is amazing. Wait. There's another guy coming on stage. What is happening? There's another way. Oh my God. There's a spider.
This is how did this get more nuts? Some other guy got on stage and pointed out a spider.
I ran away we didn't do it a baguette. Abigail's cannot win the spider. I don't want to smush it. I don't know. I like the spider lift. The spider didn't do nothing else. Now. We have another person coming on stage. We have a young lady onstage. This is the most people you're picking up the I don't do you work here?
You're just in the audience, you're just in the audience and you're picking up the spider with your hands. If anyone else gets on this I got you know, what feel free. Feel free to anybody. Want to come on stage come on strong who cares who cares eyes on the spider. We got the spider member the stage here.
You might have to put in the credits of the show. Wait. Now this is the spider here. We might have went through this whole I think we're good. So you didn't get it. No, we won't step on. I'm not gonna kill a spider. It's okay. Thank you for trying. And again, I just want to reiterate a little Keller there night. Okay, Bros, just so you know, we haven't even used this yet. Oh my God. I can't believe it. I have a #set up so that people can offer up their comments and questions. Do you want to hear what this life crowd tonight is thinking about things.
Absolutely for sure was doing okay calm down. We have Monica saying we have a lot of control. We have Pat saying if these Bros aren't making pickles to sell his merch when they do comedy they are messing up. We have Emma suggesting a new HD TV show called Bros to brine.
We have JJ saying I'm so confused. We ever need a saying can we hear more about the murders? We have that we have Katie saying wait, they didn't bond over pickles in the strip club. We have Katie saying how many different things are being pickled. We have all sorts of this is taken many turns. This is a bonding experience. Someone pointing out. I've thrown my glasses four times already.
Someone there keep counting. Apparently. We're up to seven. And we have Sienna who just tweeted to ask you guys. I guess we can answer one by one. No, no big nickel or little pickle. You don't have to add to that Siena. Like for example, I think it grows what?
What did you say? Nothing, you can ask her do is against a dancer. There's no need to rehash that he made a joke. So Crest that even your shutting it down.
It was weird. It was weird. It was self-deprecating and I've got to be more positive about myself. So I don't want to I don't want to make you feel bad about himself in front of everyone you say you feel like sometimes you get in your own way you get down on yourself. Are you sure? Yeah, just I feel like we need to take this a different direction.
Like I just talked to roll it Tanya on the way here. I was calling you. I told you he's big fan told me he had a rough week work. He cried five times this week. Oh, no, I hate hearing that. Oh, yeah.
That's a correct response Tanya. I'm so sorry to hear you had a rough week. I had a rough week to what happened this week.
Well, I don't want to know I get into it. I can talk about my week. No, I mean I don't want to get into it too much because it's over and done with but my there was a situation in the comedy world where this guy got called out on a bunch of stuff and I Hmong them was that he called me a bunch of really pretty bad stuff and I never met the guy and it kind of messed up my whole week and I had to keep dealing with it and I don't quite get it because he's a person I don't know and all I do is work hard, so I don't know.
So that was my week. That's why I cried five times this week. How about you Chris? Yeah. Hey Craig last night. I was literally just telling a good friend of mine how the whole situation is a lot of fucked-up parts of it. Sorry, Mom. I don't want to swear in front of my mom. But but did a lot of messed-up parts of the situation to of which is that the too much better more deserving comedians. Don't get the attention and all goes on this bad guy and second is allowed to try them out bow and yang and then Chloe.
Why did someone just whisper the word fuck?
Sorry, Mom. Sorry Sally. I'm what's your mom's name? Is your mom Rose. Sorry rose, right, but the second secret. I just want to say really quickly. Second thing was I was telling my friend how fucked up it is that I know this guy was a bad guy because he's coming after you of all people and you are the last person who deserves that and so upset me a lot and maybe this is because like there's a lot of reasons, but I'm sorry that you had a really shitty week Chris, but I saw I saw it happening in and it was shitty so wide Valley You I'm glad I'm just glad to know the brine Bros got my back.
We got your back.
Now what Tanya why was it such a tough week?
A lot of things so weird with long very long, but it's positive. I'm doing cool things and enjoying it but it's just a lot and I was getting over being sick. So at one point like half of my side of my goal was hurting because there's just taking like migraines and stuff. That was not cool. And then also two weeks ago. I actually went to I helped out at this death camp for kids.
It's for kids who have had somebody died in their family. And so that was Still kind of recovering from that but like physically and mentally but is a very positive experience very challenging but positive and so then I cried five times this week, but they're really good cried.
These people are so Charmed by you and it's really heartwarming. So the sea went to a camp for kids who are grieving lost relatives. Yeah, and Judy was supposed to come here. Ironically. I was supposed to volunteer as well.
I had to miss the training for the death camp because my Grandpa died and I had to go back home to Chicago.
So there's a lot of stuff going on over here. It's awesome.
You guys are such a you're such an amazing combination of like, you know how to laugh at yourselves, you know how to be funny and have fun but then every once in a while the clouds part and it's clear, you're also like really smart empathetic people who have been through a lot and lean on each other and that's part of why you joke so much. Yeah.
Yeah, that was wow. I gave me a little bit of a little booty bump easily make a strike.
What Abigail guys say the Goosey Bumpy's got him, dude?
The Goosey Bumpy's did. In fact get me that noise. You heard with me physically throwing the microphone down because I did not want to even deal guys running circles around the end of my anyway, look we got advertisers check them out. We'll be back with our fantastic Trio of callers right after this.
Thanks again to all our advertisers now. Let's finish off this overwhelming conversation.
That gave me a little bit of a little booty bump.
He's okay what Abigail guys say?
The Goosey Bumpy's got him, dude.
Just so I know it was like it was a camp for children who have lost someone did I hear wrong? Did you refer to it as a death camp because that's a different thing.
Now, yeah, that's how I call it cuz it's easier to say than Greek camp and funnier.
Well all jokes aside that I would have to imagine that is such a kind thing to do and I imagine must help those kids who are younger than you so much and it must be difficult for you to put yourself through that so I have to say it's so commendable that you're trying to you know, take what you've been through and the way you've coped and pass it on to other kids who aren't quite there yet. I think that's really really kind.
Thank you, but I will say that like the Death part was I was I was in a cabin with six to eight year old eight of them. And the Death part wasn't even that bad. Honestly, they were very open about their debt. There was really cool seeing these little kids talk to share each other's experiences. Have you ever needed a doctor late at night or while traveling?
I know this feeling I travel all the time travel all the time. You get on a plane you feel fine. You get off the plane and all of a sudden something's hitting you you're in a city that you don't know it can be scary. Right? That's why I tell the doc gives you 24/7 access to board certified doctors anytime anywhere for non-emergency calls. Conditions like a sinus infection allergies flu rashes and more that are board certified doctors can diagnose treat and prescribe medication when medically necessary to be delivered to the pharmacy of your choice tell the doc is available through most insurance or employers at $45 or less a visit no appointments.
No waiting rooms. None of those germy urgent cares or expensive trips to the ER. One of tell attacks testimonial States. I am an RN and I have little time for personal issues. Let alone being sick while caring for the ill this service called me after setting up an account and requesting an MD visit in minutes.
The service is actually amazing and I only wish I would have utilized it sooner. There's a great review for you. Tell her doc is here to get you back to feeling your best no matter when or where you are download the app today or visit tell a doc. Com stories to register today. Day, so you're ready. When you need a doctor's care or schedule a doctor visit today.
Don't forget to download the app or visit Tela doc. Com Stories. The worst part was when they were spitting on each other and pushing each other off bed and showing each other middle fingers. That was the hardest part.
You say showing each other middle fingers. Yeah, they're middle fingering each other.
We're also really hot right now. There's a real air conditioning were sweating a lot. We're Leo each other.
Yeah. We're very close.
This is what I thought this show is going to be when I started it.
You know, there's a lot of potential there with the deaths and stuff. We could first show that's become kind of out of that.
I don't like it isn't just amazing me a show that's become notorious for like, you know, it kind of was meant to start his comedy but I'm in this empathetic direction and you guys have brought up one of the most sort of emotional things that I've ever heard of and for 40 minutes have successfully instead had us laughing about pickles.
It's really remarkable.
Well, we we're pretty open and I and I don't really care if we and say said things or happy things and we've got a lot of people taking care of us to help us throughout all to so I want to shout it all those people to you know, who you are. Thank you. Hey Tanya, I just want you to know I just saw some Twitter feed back again from Katie who I think this is a message to both you and I I'm six months pregnant and I haven't cried five times this week.
Try it Katie. Katie. Got try it sometime is really nice a good cry is nice Tanya. What is it? You like about a good cry.
So from the beginning like out this talk about what helped me through everything was that I realized like the worst thing I could do with such a bad situation is run away from it and pretended I don't feel these things and so from the beginning I always like I've got to be able to and experience the lows. With and let myself cry and I don't have to feel bad about self-pitying because that's the only way I can get back up on top of the wave and ride it ride the joys of everything. So it's the best way that I can balance everything out. So I think every once in awhile, you need to just break down and let loose so Didn't sound like you were done and then you were done.
I think that's beautiful what you just said. I remember sitting in the field. Emotion strongly again in a good way like it's been something I've repressed for a while.
It's something that I've had for a long time had trouble being open and honest and clear with everyone about and having someone just to completely I know no judgment, whatever it whatever I say I can talk to him about is really actually opened the floodgates a little bit for me and I'm starting to feel all these emotions all over again, which I really haven't in a long time in regards to my dad and it and truly it is it's an amazing thing. I feel like I'm I'm grieving healthily almost 13 years later, so Yeah.
That's really cool thing to bring out in each other.
Yeah, yeah, it is something we talked about a lot and we you know very open about it. Yeah, I'll say that in the past year. So we've been a lot more open about these things with each other because we had each other and we've also noticed that we've also been getting more emotional but like in also in good ways, we're like we're able to sit in that emotion and experience the better and for a lot of years probably felt like we're as much as we are trying not to run away from it's hard not to run away from it. So in the Year, so having Judy next to me to talk about these things is it helped it a lot and help disabled process now, I can feel it more now.
I can't get through first day without dropping the fact that my dad was killed. Like I just it's it's weird. It's become a more open part of me, but also it is a part of me and I'm like, I don't know. It's just something that's coming up.
If not something that there is something that like we bring up first if still but when we realize that somebody else is lost somebody or he else has had something shitty in their life habit. Sorry Mom. Sorry Sally you realized that that you were able to open up to this person about your own shitty sickness.
And that person is able to open up to their city was whether whether or not the sitting this is the same thing, but it's able just yeah you empathize with them you're able to sit in that.
That's amazing and wait. So Judy, we were you kidding or were you serious that you've brought it up on first dates and I asked both because I think that is commendable to get to a place where you're feeling so comfortable and also because I want to know what the reaction is on a first date.
No, that is that is a hundred percent true. I've been back in the dating game out in the way, which is very challenging. But you know, I don't know I feel like for whatever reason I mean I talked about this guy to my right a lot.
So it comes up that way or whatever.
It may be. I don't know that's his ultimate connector.
At least from what I in my in my life it is and I don't know on the first date. I will often kind of have to Prime them a little bit but also I'm not going to you know, let that fear of of burdening people with with that kind of news kind of stopped me from saying what I want to say, which is something that I I would filter for years and it's liberating but also unfortunately people have to hear my sad story a little more often than normal.
But I also know that a romantic interest often will be impressed by some vulnerability and maybe maybe it's something that's quite endearing on a first date in a way to Yeah, it's it hasn't gone poorly in that sense. So no one no one's left the table after I brought it up. So that's good that we will have real bad.
Yeah, they might have walked out for other reasons, but not because it's bad now Abigail.
Yep. You've known Tanya since you were very young. You knew Tanya when this happened you've watched on you grow up now become someone who's not only learned how to reconcile his own loss but has started to help others as Someone who's grown up and watch this process happen. What's been your Viewpoint as someone who's like on the outside, but just on the edge of the outside well, so when this whole event happened it was kind of weird because we were from like a pretty pretty nice suburb of Detroit and so it ended up making like national news.
And so there was just a lot of attention drawn to it and just like the Of the nature what happened his mom also was in the hospital for a long time his twin brothers also in the hospital for a long time. He was like still recovering now, you know, he was kind of thrust into this sort of Spotlight. And so just to know him as this like dinky little dude who played trombone that used to ride bikes with me around the city to like about trombone.
What what did you just say got out to all the time? Both players out there the most vulnerable moment interrupted by a trombone. Can you go with no, but just to see him the kind of be this quiet sort of funny kid to have to make his voice heard to be sort of the voice of his family and all these things and sort of grow into like he wasn't always as big of an idiot like Interrupting people on phone calls and just shouting sorry I've seen it is about trombones. He was a different kid and stuff like that that event that event definitely sort of change them. But like we're still friends for the same reasons and like that sort of breasts together even more but it was there was like a distinct difference and I don't think it could have gone any better which is the best part of it. I think yeah, that's kind of an astounding thing to say. Yeah, it sounds like the type of thing that a whole Community would be like, oh my God, we got a rally and figure out how to handle this and help this kid and I have to say for as much as you're being a goofball.
It's kind of amazing that you can sit on the phone talk about this with all of us here and just be a goofball but you must there must be some level of Pride that you see him growing up and definitely I mean just like another tidbit here. So when when it happened it was like it was early in the morning and he went to a different school and I was me and one of our other friends were driving to school and we got like a mass text and we're like, okay whatever and we drove to his house and like saw it was all caution taped off and things and I ended up like texting him like yo Tommy are you? Okay like as is everything? All right. It was like they got me locked up at the police station will let me go like just some some joke. I can't remember exactly what it was and it was like, that's the most on brand thing ever, but it's also crazy that was It's like to this day one of the craziest things I've ever like gotten back after, you know, his his dad just got murdered at both other members of his family like to other members of family in the hospital like on life support has just texted me a joke back with his little sister at the police station, you know, God through my little sister. She's awesome.
What instrument did she play?
I try to make her play Trombone, which you see she did it and I feel now. I'm really mad at her you still hanging on to that rage? How could you drop the ball? He doesn't even play Trombone now nine years nine years of my life.
This is not to take away from the beautiful thing. Your friend just said, Latonya I do have to say like I know you like to make a joke and I can tell that you're like me you like to sort of make sure that right like I do the same thing that in the darkest moments status moments that what that's when the jokes hit hardest and I appreciate it. But it also sounds like you are a real strong person who managed to keep a head on your shoulders through something that sounds like it was awful and I applaud you and I want you to know that I'm I'm really impressed. I'm really impressed and I send out a lot of love to you.
Thank you, Chris. You guys say I cannot imagine right now having you tell me that right now? It's pretty surreal. So thank you and I try I think we all try. I think every there's lot of days where you say sometimes it so fucking hard. Sorry Mom. Sorry Sally, but you you realize that there's a lot of really good parts of it all to so I We have been able to become friends with Judi or as good of friends with Judi. If both of our dads Aren't Dead.
That's blunt but the point stand.
I do want to say how much time we got left. We got seven minutes left. Obey. Can I have like the last three minutes to tell me we're going to keep talking but I was the last three minutes. Okay in the last three minutes, I'll let you know me.
I can't wait to see how you plan on sticking the landing Tanya here. Let's that Duty let Duty cause people are assholes like you keep saying, let me talk. There's no promise of talking. Okay, Tom you did you have to take care of you Judy Tanya we've Internet feedback some Pi Joe is saying we need to name the Spider-Man.
I'm gonna go ahead and say we're naming the spiders Cecilia. The spiders name is Cecilia. We've someone's Rachel saying I love bringing up my emotional traumas on first dates. Does this mean we should go on one? You're getting flirted with Tanya. A lot of people wait, hold on. There's a running theme Here Sienna is asking big spoon or little spoon.
Okay. Katie is a little bun little bun to take care of your loved ones. Katie is saying if there's one thing I've learned in the last year after losing my wife. It's there's nothing that heals you more than bonding with people truly get and I'm so happy these guys have each other and my heart goes out to you as well K. Amen. Amen 80 and Shelby says crushing the toxic masculinity with the brine Bros tonight.
I like that. Yeah, baby.
Now I want to ask we have you want you want to know when we have three minutes. So we have five and a half. I have to ask it's a Saturday night. What are you doing later?
We have a pilgrim theme party to get to attend actually serve watching a football paper. No Native Americans dressing up. What something about there watching the Notre Dame Georgia football game. Got it. Yeah, they're only like a party. House, I'm assuming that hallway right now note. There is a push broom themed party that we are attending unrelated to the Notre Dame, Georgia game. What was the theme?
No Graham Thanksgiving without the Native American problematic costume white Thanksgiving party just for anybody listening recording this on September 21st.
What are you doing Plymouth Rock about related experience. What are you dressing up as there?
Well, I guess they're not going to hear Judy. We got some pilgrims going on. I'm actually wearing he'll put your serious tonight.
Okay, because he is currently getting into his a morphsuit of some it looks like an alien truthfully. I don't if it's a black-and-white morphsuit that is quite frankly terrifying and not at all Thanksgiving theme.
You're getting in your house right now. And it's a black and white what if suit like a skin tight body skirt also goes over your head.
Yep, he is completely covered head to toe great. Cause someone in the audience area picked. Yes. Someone just asked. Can you text a picture to Abigail of what it looks like right now? You got it. We got three. He can't get it all the way out.
That's totally fine. Okay. Oh my God, this is horrifying. All right, I'm talking at them right now. Think about how a pique all feels. If you think this is embarrassing instead of your 58 minutes.
All right. So Tanya we go. Um, okay. Yeah, we got the text coming through we're waiting for no way to prove that just wasn't at the banks giving I can also see where you're telling your buddies. He's about to set it up about to tweet it call now now.
All right, Tanya three minutes left. Okay. Well, it's and a Chris. I just want to say it means a lot for me to talk to you right now because you are truly one of the One of my heroes probably want to hear that because I wouldn't want to hear it on my side. But you're one of my heroes and I found you in college to not during when everything happened.
But when I found you, I found a kindred soul that was able to embrace chaos and breaks. The feelings embrace the hard parts of life as much as you celebrate the absurdity of it all and it's meant a lot to be able to follow you this whole time and and you've been able to show me a lot of other even up-and-coming Comics. Shout out to Martin right there right now. He probably Of kids love the death camp and you've been a great person to be able to show highlight all and showcase continuing today young palette who otherwise would have been able to see each other and I know it's really hard for you sometimes but I think what you're doing right now is it's going to make a difference in a lot of people's lives because I know it's made a difference in my life. And I know it's made a difference in the person sitting right next to you Abigail's lies, and I just want to thank you so much for everything you do. And even after the five times you cried this week. Fuck that guy.
You did like celebrate those guys because you're also doing really fucking good right now and it means a lot and if I was there right now I give you a pop to but I'm going to have to have sorry Abigail save you if a guy said and Chris, it's like you're doing an important thing for so many people out there and I know it's really hard for you sometimes but you're doing it and you're helping people but you're also making us laugh and that's what I think is the most important part of life. Do you?
Life is really fucking hard. Sometimes sorry Mom. Sorry Sally, but we've got to be able to enjoy all of life both the good that good parts and the bad parts and you're truly the person that's best day was like has shown me how to do that. He's putting Abigail Abigail pretty good at it happy to do my part and Duty thanks for saying that that means a lot at the end of a hard week. That's really so nice to hear and I just wait for me too. So I'm talking to you. That's very nice. Yeah, man. It is really nice to talk. It's here and I just try to do my part. I just try to listen and thanks for saying it really does mean a lot. I also want to let you know that Abigail spent most of your speech walking around the crowd showing them a picture your friend.
You have to tell your friend not to wear that that's the most horrifying thing I've ever seen that's you don't yeah, that was Tanya. Yeah picture. Yeah Tanya don't wear that that's a terrifying costume. It's terrifying and you can't prove that. It wasn't at the first Thanksgiving. His name is built our if you show up to a Thanksgiving party wearing that people are gonna call the the police It's terrifying. It looks like something out of a horror movie.
It looks like you only enter a party wearing that like you guys hold on we're gonna get a few extra seconds. I just have to say sincerely. Thank you so much. I have to say to all of you Abigail Tanya and Judy. Thank you because this was one of the most fun experiences of my 20 years of Performing and I can't thank you enough. Thank you for calling and being so what he met you once at a can't remember the guy who got kicked out of a college tell because I gave you a pop.
Yeah, it's wanted me to tell you that later.
You scared me so bad. I was in like a back stage performers. Only are in you like kick down the door and you were like I got you a soda. I got you soda. Here's a pop dude. I got you, uh pop and I've I will tell you honestly you seem like a really nice guy. But also I've rarely felt more unsafe while in a green room.
Did we hang up on them?
What a shocking Revelation Judy and Tanya. That one was a joy. I'm so glad you guys so much for coming.
Okay. I hope you enjoyed that one. I have to thank so many people to people on the phone. I have to thank the guy who was on stage at the thank everybody who came out and bought tickets in Detroit and laughed and cheered and was such a big part of that experience have to thank Jerry O'Connell both for producing this episode and hearing this episode and coming all the way to Michigan be a big part of it have to thank Harry Nelson the one of the final times let's go ahead and thank shag for me.
The Curtis get that cam if you like the show go to Apple podcast rate review subscribe.
It really helps you next time.
Next time I'm beautiful Anonymous my dream comes true when a professional wrestler calls the show you drive two hours and they pay you did you say five dollars and a hot dog.
Well, I'm just saying five dollars. I bought a hot dog with the fire from the concession stand so they made back Buck 75. Yeah. Yeah, the hot dog was not included in the $5 Arrangement. They gave you you drove two hours. They give you $5. 00 and they made you pay for the hot dog. Yes. What happened? I would did like no one show up. So they didn't I did feel but every listener and I just rolling like oh my God. Even doing this man, that's next time on beautiful anonymous.
Geth loves pro wrestling. This caller does too, and so much that hes trying to make it in that world. This episode is brought to you by Brooklinen (www.brooklinen.com code: STORIES), Third Love (www.thirdlove.com/beautiful), and Talkspace (www.talkspace.com code: BEAUTIFUL)
READ LESS
You have a collect call from an inmate at a federal prison. To accept this call, press 5. Now everybody Chris here.
I think a lot of fans of the show might remember that about a year and a half ago. Spoke to someone is a mind-blowing conversation. This person was about to head to a federal prison to begin a four-year incarceration and last year followed up with her while she was in prison on beautiful follow-ups and guess what spoke with her again recently.
When other people ask you, hey, what are you in for and you tell them some of the stories you told me in our first call? Oh boy. I forgot that was kind. I keep forgetting this car when you tell people some of the stories you told me which it which I think you're the first to admit some really dark horrible stuff.
Are they shocked people typically don't ask what you're in for is kind of a kind of screwed. Typically what they'll say is money or drugs. Are you here on White Collar money or are you? For drugs and people are shocked, but I'm not here for money.
That's a clip from the first episode of season 2 of beautiful follow-ups came out last week on Stitcher premium for the next seven Fridays. We're releasing a new follow-up call every single week. It's going to be callers that you guys have known and loved over the years. We're going to see how they're doing. You want to listen go to stitch your premium. Com sign up with the promo code stories. You get a free month of Premium that lets you. Listen to beautiful Anonymous has Holdback catalogs without Ed's whole bunch of touring shows. You can't get anywhere else.
It really supports the show in a huge way. And of course get to access both last year's beautiful follow-ups as well as a whole new batch that's coming down the pike. That's Stitcher premium. Com promo code stories.
Hello to all my burrito robots one hour one phone call. No names No Holds Barred.
Beautiful follow-up follow-up calls with some classic callers came out of the gate with prison bound has been in prison for 15 months now, so sign up for Stitch a premium promo code stories get a free month have to say the Motor City Mayhem call from last week our Detroit live show. It went over huge. I thank you guys for the support. I noticed it's spreading little There and and wider than a lot of our episodes tend to a lot of chatter and feedback on social media and so many wonderful comments in the the beautiful anonymous Facebook group.
It was so funny to read people were really laughing hard at that one. A lot of people said it was good to see some some guys who are Unapologetic Bros, but that they weren't toxic that that that's you know, I think that is getting rarer and rarer to see in the world quite cool and there was a line that someone called out from the show and it made me laugh really hard to someone it was much in the same way that those two connected via their murdered father's we connected via our love of pickling one. Of course, everybody likes the phrase Goosey Bumpy's now on a serious note the caller mentioned there's involvement at a camp that helps grieving kids and we just wanted to take a second to let you guys know our house - grief dot-org that is where you can check out this organization. It's our house - grief dot-org and the night for her.
Which you can click on that's something that our callers were directly involved in now this week's call is one. I am built to love. It's about pro wrestling which is an art form and the type of entertainment. I've loved since I was five years old I come and go on watching regularly, but man, I love it's whereby I think it's fascinating.
This caller is starting out as a professional wrestler this world that's tougher than I think any listeners realize this world that has home so many hidden Traditions so many tough aspects this well that breaks you not just physically but mentally this callers right at the beginning and this jersey Journey because he is chasing a dream.
Sorry. I just said Jersey instead of Journey, but jerseys always on my mind. Anyway, enjoy this conversation.
Thank you for calling beautiful Anonymous a beeping noise will indicate when you are on the show with the host. Just hello, how's it going?
How are you? Good. I'm losing my voice a little bit. So you have to pardon me on that. I'm gonna see if I can hold out for a full hour.
I got you. Like I know exactly what it was in your voice cause you performed in Chicago last night and I was that you were there.
Yes, I was actually we at the early show The Late Show.
Late Show, that's good. I felt like that shows good that early Show crowd was a little bit hotter felt like my the guy who the guy who came on the road with me who is co-hosting the show foolishly eight and edible before going on stage and then had to admit on stage was around him way harder and faster than he anticipated.
Oh, yeah for sure.
I would like and Midway through the said he's like, ah, I'm Legit high right now. I cannot do this anymore.
Yeah, I think his his plan was like I'll eat it. Now it'll kick in as I get offstage know it I'm not trying to blame. I felt good at fuck. It was a fun show. That was a fun Late Show. I liked it. No. Yeah, it was really fun.
It was actually kind of funny because you walk in and like think early on people started to notice like oh wait, there's not that many seed. So everybody was like, oh I can I work and Eileen. I'll let me try to go to the back and everybody who listens to the show probably already is already like I need to go to the back. I don't want to be seen right right funny.
I just everybody like in this weird state of confusion like uh-huh.
Well, it's nice to talk to you. Yeah. Thanks for coming on the show and you Here Max is my voice is actually I think bouncing back compared to where it was at in the show yesterday.
Oh, that's good. Yeah, you sound not good. That's really weird to say, but you sound normal.
Thank you. Everybody loves hearing that right you're coming off normal. That's always a nice thing to hear.
Yeah.
Usually usually yeah, although normals overrated normal is very overrated. Oh, yeah.
I can definitely relate to that because I have A very unnormal aspirations.
What are we talking here?
It's something that you're very familiar with its professional wrestling. I'm actually surprised that I'm the first person may even like talk about this at all.
You're telling me you want to be a professional wrestler.
Yes, hell yes. This is a dream episode for me. This is a dream to talk about this.
Yeah. Yeah, it's actually just quite a quite a wild rotten wild ride and I'm like just like really it's a very interesting life. No one truly understands why you do it or how you do it and it's really hard because like when you try to explain it to somebody like, oh you do wrestling like MMA as like know the rock.
You know, what the Rockies? Yeah that that that time. Oh, I didn't know that was a thing as just like, okay.
Wow. Yep. That's how long you been training for it. Are you like already out on the circuit or you still training?
I so I trained in like late 2016 early 2017 and then I've pretty much been on and off round the circuit because I'm still a green boy. So just trying to pay my dues and all that stuff. So yeah pretty much. Wow. So I've been doing for years. Yep.
Now let me ask you a question. I mean, I mean no offense by this. I promise you but just to explain so when you say you're a green boy who's paying your dues? Does this mean your job and for other people at this phase in your career, which I do not judge.
Oh, no, like I would I would love like but I guess far as like that kind of stuff, but I'm just going on like Indies or little Indies because I'm mostly new and you can't really get into like the pwg Czar like the really big Indie scene. Right? Well, so like real experience and stuff and I'm still like trying to figure it all out. So I do like little shows.
And all that. Yeah, sometimes it's literally just hey what's up to a promoter? And then you're helping set up the ring and which I'm glad to do because I love it. I love this this business and you know, that's what you guys do.
I look it's for anybody listening when I asked jobbing. There's a term in wrestling called jobbers and these are guys who kind of go in and just someone bigger will come in and kick the shit out of them just hand them there. Grass, and sometimes these guys. I mean a lot of these guys from my childhood these jobbers like Iron Mike Sharpe Dusty wolf actually were guys that were pretty beloved and could could add a like their ability to just get the shit beat out of them could make other guys look really big and badass and strong.
So being a job or there's no shame in it. But sometimes my understanding is when guys are starting out sometimes, you know, if a if a more established name is passing through All their league they might go but we're just gonna feed feed you a new guy so you can beat the hell out of them and look like a monster.
Yeah, and if you can help that guy look at them look like a monster then it helps you eventually in the long run to it's like hey, you know what that guy like, I was good in me that you know, there's no heat involved and you know what that guy was good. He was very professional, you know. Yeah, and then maybe it helped works out for you later on in Life or whatever.
So now I have so many questions for you. So many questions. I first thing, you know, you were at The Late Show last night. Did you know Colt Cabana was also there?
I saw him and I was like, oh, it's it's Coke matter and I was like, I'm not like I don't usually wrestle around the Chicago area and also he's like a thing Legend So I was like, hi, that's cold and I was like that night. I can't talk to the nicest guy in the world.
You should have said hi is one of my good friends in this world.
I know I should have said hi, but it was just one of those things are like, yeah, maybe in the future. Let's fix the future. I think it'd be like cool.
Let's explain for anybody listening Colt. Cabana is a wrestler who he it's funny. We once were both cast to do this like comedy wrestling based video that didn't ever come out and then years later he reached out to me and he was like, dude. I don't know if you remember me, but where you're at in comedy is kind of exactly where I'm at wrestling.
I had been booked on a sitcom and it bombed and he had gotten called up to the WWE and very quickly kind of bombed and was shuffled out and I started my Public Access TV show to just kind of Empower myself and he wound up starting a podcast. That's great. It's called The Art of wrestling and it blew up and the idea of Indie wrestling right now. It's like a very hip cool thing and a lot of people have actually given him a lot of credit and said that his podcast just made that world feel.
So interesting and accessible and a lot of people say that colt is one of the people who's really responsible for Indie wrestling having this Resurgence right now.
Oh, yeah. Absolutely. And the thing is too is like in this podcast. Sometimes you like does like deep Dives on like the craziest stuff that happens at these shows and you would and people who don't even go to wrestling shows or they'd be like what this happens at a wrestling show. Why and I need to go for some reason. I have no idea why but I need to go.
And like he when he also has like wrestlers that jump onto the podcast and then deep dives into their personal lives and it's just like that's crazy. I had no idea like any of that stuff. So yeah, he's a really cool man.
Well next time you call it you go up to call you tell him your fan of my stuff. I'll be nice to you. I slept on the man's couch last night. Like we're friends you got an in you can you tell him next time to get through? It said I should name drop now wait, let's get into it. All God. Where do I even start? Okay first things first.
What inspired you to want to become a pro wrestler who are the wrestlers you loved coming up? Why did you decide to go into this lifestyle? Because it's a very specific and tough lifestyle.
Yeah, so when I was a kid, I thought I should say that I am 23 years old. Okay pretty young. I was not around for like the attitude at like like the late 90s. I was more like early 2000s when like Eddie was Eddie was big in prominent and Eddie Guerrero.
You're talking Eddie Guerrero one of the greatest of all time rest in peace. Oh, yeah.
Thank thank for That work just because like I get to watch every match of his now or like most of them even from like the 90s and everything is just like what I was even better like just everything and then there's guys like a rock. He's like pretty much the reason I was like super enthralled with wrestling just his character and his promos and just like everything about him was just like cool and I like aspired to be him because I wasn't cool. And I was like, oh God, he's just he walks in the room and then just 20,000 people are going crazy. And now he walks in the room is like millions of people go crazy. Now, it's ridiculous.
But yeah, I was a huge fan of it. And then I think it was like early 2016.
So wrestler had his like retirement Daniel Bryan has like first retirement and he was just talking about how much he liked love. The business and everything and like what it gave for him and like just this feeling of like going out there and performing in front of the crowd and like showing your art and like having people like love it and everything.
I'm like, you know, I want to do it. I want to I want to try it I want to try it. So I think it was literally the next day. I applied to a wrestling school because it's way easier now than it was in like the 80s or 90s. You would have to look at like like be walking in town and like see a poster like wrestling training for 500 like this like what but yeah, I like apply to a wrestling school and literally think it was seven eight months after that was like learning how to bump / like fall flat on my back for the first time.
It was kind of crazy.
Okay, let's start because I do love there's all these stories my favorite era of wrestling. I started watching when I was real young and I was a much older. You so I was watching during the Rock N wrestling era when when Vince first went National with Hulk Hogan Junkyard Dog Roddy Piper Jimmy Snuka that whole era, but I really love the territory are and your your kind of time. I like it was really hard to find wrestling skills. There's all these stories a lot of wrestlers have stories where it's like, yeah. I was working out at a regular gym, and somebody approached me and was like, you should be a wrestler and like brought me to the wrestling school that no one knows about now. You can just sign up. That's nice.
Talk to me though. A lot of people listening to this are going why are these two so enthralled with it? It's a fake sport talk me there. You just said you take bumps, which is the art of falling we do that in Jiu-Jitsu as well. It's actually shocking how much technique needs to go into falling and staying safe talk to me about the training how difficult does it get because there's a lot of legendary stories about places like the dungeon a few other schools Verne gagne school where people like high-level athletes would show up there and Be able to hack it because it's so brutal. Sometimes what's your experience with wrestling training than like?
Oh, man, so I remember so there was a house that was like set up kind of like a fraternity house and it had a bunch of like old graduates from the wrestling school that I went to and I was like I was an idiot and so I applied like a month. I like moved into the house a month before the my training was going to initially start. So I was like, all right. Hi everybody and everybody's just Giving you the who's this guy? Because I was like, I'm 5 10 and I was like around 290 Pounds. So I'm like your average looking wrestling fan. Just walking in and just like who is this guy?
Is he going to hack it? Just like you were saying he's gonna hack what he doesn't even know what's coming to him. And so they would just be like all hanging out with each other and like not taking me seriously her psyche and I all right well, I got to see and then that I remember that first day that was a nightmare like is like at seven o'clock at night. I'm trying to be very Anonymous with it because I don't want to like spoil where I was working, but it was like a conditioning day and we were just doing no no wrestling ring. There wasn't no initial like open the doors that first day and like, oh, wow, the one thing that I've been dreaming of my entire life. Like right in front of me and I can step foot in the ring. I was like, nope. We're going to do a bunch of air squats lunges like 500 air squats a bunch of lunges a lot of running a lot of burpees a lot of this that and it was like like pretty much like a six hours of like solid Boot Camp style ring. There was like you gotta be and there was one point where I was telling one of the guys that was roommates with house dude. I think I'm going to be Right now like if I can't go to the bathroom and piss yourself, and I was like I am not I can't do that.
I want to do this. And so literally I just like held it in it was like, oh my God. Oh my God.
You I'm so I am about to lose it. He's like go go go and I'm like running but my legs are cramping. So I'm just like the worst run you've ever seen in your entire life. Just going into the bathroom and just talk and then like you were saying with athletes and everything. There was like a bunch of athletic dudes that were there too.
And literally there was just a German that was there. That was one of the like one of the new guys too, and he's just getting the - can I was just a cool? I just like throws up violently super violently just awful in the trash can is just like oh man. So this is the first day of professional wrestling training. This is fantastic. I love what I got myself into but then the second day you start to learn how to like do roles and you're like, why are we rolling but then you'll find out that that's very necessary going on into the future and they're just spending. The whole day rolling and doing workouts. And yeah, it's a pretty intense.
I remember that first those first couple days like who I've never been so tired in my life. I've never been so tired six hours of lunges and burpees and bear crawls while you have to pee and athletic people vomiting.
They're trying to break you. I've always understood. I love that we're talking I want because this is like my dream you're living one of my dreams right now. I've always heard that part of wrestling. School is like they're trying to break you and it because if you don't have it, they want to break you early and get you out of there.
Oh, yeah, cuz the wrestling school down my part of its a I don't want to give out but it's like a very prominent person is is a trainer of and so it's just like there's Dana give meeting great. This is not a meeting great your you you taking my craft. Seriously. It's like a legit boot camp.
Everybody else I want to wrestle but they're trying to break you. They're like trying to weed out the weak the weak ones in the ones who are like fans from the ones who are like serious.
But yes, and you pushed through and what's it like, so let me like I did like for example for any but I bet a lot of our listeners are not wrestling fans like a chop. This is a basic thing Ric Flair really made them. It's known as the flare chop mostly where you just take the back of your hand and you just wipe across Someone's bare-chested makes a real loud noise.
That looks like such a bitch. That's a day. I was going to ask like that looks like a basic move, but they got to just spend hours chopping the hell out of you. So get you get used to it, huh?
Oh, yeah. No, it's a so like like some days we'll have strike days. So, you know, you're practicing your punches your forearms your kick your knees or whatever and then it's like all right, and you don't know what's coming. They're just like all right, everybody take your take your shirts off. It's like like, yep. It's time for jobs.
All right, here we go.
Worse visited by a boom. That's just like a sudden goodness gracious and it's never fun.
Well, that's a well-known Japan. There's a lot of leagues that are known as strong style, which is effectively these people are just fighting with predetermined outcomes, but really like you said like really late and there's also this guy right now, I'm sure you are aware of he's in the WWE. He mostly is in the there NXT UK League called Walter.
His name's Walter. Yeah. Real yes, big evil looking bad guy and his chops. I'm in his chops sound like someone hitting a tree with an axe they sound. Oh, yeah you watch one of those things. I like I would never want a human being to do that to me ever one time and the thing is is like so he has I cant remember the theme that he comes out to yes like this orchestral theme and he's just like walking.
He's like very Papas and everything and like, all right this do Most intimidating and then they go for like a spot or whatever and then just like all my gosh and it's your dream to have that happen to you.
What is it?
What is so set in your brain? What is so say I gotta ask it just bluntly every wrestler because you're like comedians all you're going to sacrifice your whole life to be on the road.
Your personal relationships are gonna suffer you're putting yourself through physical pain in the culture that can notoriously end disastrously people get injured concussions people then paralyzed people get addicted to pills all sorts of stuff. What is sick in your brain that makes you want to do this.
You know, normally I wouldn't be so blunt. I wouldn't say something like that because these calls are sensitive. But I know for a fact I'm friends with a number of pro wrestlers and they are all sick in the brain. It's just not an offensive question to a pro wrestler. Anyway, that adds check them out use the promo codes and be right back.
With joy bird your personal one-of-a-kind style should match your furniture bring your mood boards to life with hundreds of customizable pieces and over 50 Fabric and leather options Three Shades of wood and over 250 unique Silhouettes from Joy bird fabric Swatch kits allow you to see and touch all of their Fabrics to find the perfect choice tell you what I am moving to a house instead of an apartment going out got A joy bird couch and I'll tell you why it's not because they're an advertiser's because they're a good company. My wife loves their stuff said we got to have this as the centerpiece of our living room Joy bird. It's no joke each piece is made with Ultimate Care and precision using real wood and responsibly sourced materials without all those harmful chemicals create furniture that matches your own Fearless style at Joy bird. Com, / beautiful 25, see how Joy bird can help make your dream space or real? 80 today at Joy bird. Com beautiful 25 go to Joy bird. Com beautiful 25 receive an exclusive offer for 25% off your first order by using the code beautiful 25.
Even if you're out there trying to do the right thing eat kale salads drink smoothies that you're preparing all the ingredients yourself. I'm telling you. We all know it's still likely that you're not getting all the essential nutrients. You need on a daily basis enter ritual the obsessively researched vitamin for women ritual makes it so easy ritual really makes it easy for you to get everything you need in one place.
My wife has used. Well, she is very fond of it. I think the way that they approach everything makes sense. They're taking a lot of the stress. You don't you don't have to go and think about okay, I gotta go on the internet research every single thing now, I gotta go to the store and see if I can track down all the versions of those things know they do all that for you rituals Essentials have the nutrients most of us. Don't get enough of from food D3 omega-3.
So many more all of these things in their clean absorbable forms. There's no Shady additives. There's no weird ingredients that you never Even heard of that do more harm than good to your body Better Health doesn't happen overnight. And right now ritual is offering my listeners 10% off during your first three months fill in the gaps in your diet with essential for women a small step that helps support a healthy foundation for your body visit ritual. Com stories to start your ritual today.
That's 10% off doing it first three months at ritual. Com / stories.
Thanks, Linda everybody who advertises on beautiful Anonymous now, let's get back to the conversation.
Concussions people been paralyzed people get addicted to pills all sorts of stuff. What is sick in your brain that makes you want to do this.
Like I said Christmas isn't I have an or I'm not normal like we were talking about before it's not a normal thing to go for but I don't know. I just I don't know what it is about it. I'm like a very creative person. But I love like Mike Quackenbush. He calls it sport. The combat theater and in a way, I kind of look at it like that just because it's like this performance that I get to create what somebody else and then it's only that one time and that's it.
There's just like that one time for that crowd and even if I wrestle the same person again, it's not like we're going to go based off that same so we're not going to do the same match all over again. Like it's just that one time. It's one take it's just boom they go unless God forbid you're in like a taping and then you got to redo it and like no but uh, I don't know it's really weird, but I'm like obsessed with it and luckily my mom was supported love it because it's really interesting to tell your mother like yeah, look at this video of this guy going through a flaming table kind of want to do that.
What?
What are you crazy me out like so but yeah, it's I don't know. I guess I'm just it's very appealing to me and I like the Arts and I know with comedy sometimes it's funny because sometimes I'll say like something scary and people go.
Well, you know, the number one fear most people have is public speaking and that's what you do every night of the week most weeks. I'm like, all right. My life is weird. Most people would view my life. It was very weird. But I'm addicted to it just like you said and I so greatly identify because comedies a similar thing where like I always try to clear my mind before show and I'm like, all right. There's people out here, maybe somebody's having a bad day. Maybe I can go out and get them to laugh get him to feel a little better and then you go out in front of that crowd and you're like, okay.
This is just me with a microphone for the next 12 minutes and it's just these people and I'm going to start with the material if practice but I'm going to see where it wants to go and I'm gonna just on Feet and adjust the set and if there's crowd worth that comes up and it's almost like surfing it's like if you can catch that wave and you feel those people come with you.
It's like for those 12 minutes, you just feel a little bit less alone in the world and you know, they do too and I feel like as a wrestling fan similar thing. I feel like when you're a wrestling fan and I've never thought about it from your perspective, but there are certain moments where an entire Arena up full of people will forget that this is predetermined and they will You only feel genuinely root for it. And that has to be the greatest feeling in the world for a wrestler.
Oh, yeah, Rock Hogan is what I Aspire for in my entire life because that match if you watched WrestleMania 18 Rock versus Hogan, it's literally 10 minutes and that crowd that's all you want because that crowd reaction when rock hits the rock bottom one to Halt kids sub and he starts doing the you start doing the Hulk Hogan like and The Rock Is like you know to as it does the boot the leg drop want to see that's that's what you're in it for. You know, like I just want moments like that.
You just want to make those kids out there in the audience or those those what do they call them hatpin marries? The old ladies that by the front row tickets the dads with their kids you just you want them to forget for a while what real life is like and you want them to forget that? At this is all a fantasy.
Oh, yeah forget for a while. I mean and the thing is is like with comedy you want to make that person laugh and you want them to have like a great time or whatever but like sometimes your job is to be like I'm going to have you hate me and you're going to like that guy and you're going to absolutely hate me. So I'm going to say the worst thing. Oh, I love this.
In the sense of the show. I am saying to you now sir, you hate me. So you decided you want to see that guy beat my ass right now, right?
Let's talk about this because there's so again for anybody listening and you know far more than I do. I'm not trying to act like a know-it-all but in wrestling terminology, you're either the face, you're the face.
Oh, yeah, you're young you're in the game.
You're not trying to come off Beyond you're doing really good at that like any veteran wrestlers here. This aren't going to be like we gotta track this. Kid down because he's a know-it-all. No way. You're just telling us your experience. Now. You could be the face. Who's the good guy or the heel who has you describe the heels job is to make that crowd so livid that they will keep buying tickets in the hope that they will be there on the night where that guy finally gets his face stomped in and this is really I would yeah and I would say that a lot of the art side of wrestling is rooted in the heels like you don't have Have Hulk Hogan become a national icon if Rowdy Roddy Piper is that they're pissing everyone off week after week it you don't get one without the other.
Oh, yeah, and you look at Rick greatest. The best was the biggest piece of shit. You will ever see just coming out in his like look at my Rolex. Look at the women behind me. Yeah, you're jealous. Aren't you whole look Dusty Rhodes. This guys don't look at him. Look at him and his promos and just you're just jealous of Rick was just like, oh my God, he's and then Ric Flair's our genes.
Your Ric Flair is probably the best. Of all time in many people's minds and here's where he's a genius to he comes out. Like you said, he got the Rolex the sunglasses the 80s bleach-blond mullet and he's so kind of setting and then yet when he gets in the ring when he takes a couple knocks all of a sudden he's on his knees and he's begging and he's praying and is he's groveling at the feet praying for people to not beat him up. And then of course, he does the cheap shot and it's like he manages to be both condescending and the coward and a Aber and he just makes you hate them so much and then back in the 70s.
Oh go for it, Utah.
Oh my God, my favorite match of all time Chi-Town Rumble 89 flavor. Steam. Oh, it's a work of art.
I just watch that recently. It's so good. It's so good in like.
You know, it's good when it like goes like he'll last forever because you know a guy like me I didn't watch that. Then you have the network where you can like watch this and experience and can be like, oh my gosh, and this was like a time where you know, the curtain like pulled back a little more people get an idea. I'm not helping with the sense of not being on this podcast, but like it's just so good like yeah, and they're not doing Everything just means something and it's like I love it so much.
I wouldn't go so far as to say that if you're listening to this and you're like, I don't know. I've never been into wrestling but this guy's live in a unique life. Maybe I'll give wrestling a shot if you track down the Ric Flair Ricky Steamboat match from Chi-Town Rumble 89 that that might be the one that's going to get you sucked in. It's a beautiful match.
I also love have you watched all the old Tiger mask first Dynamite Kid matches.
Oh my yes. Yes and you could easily. We watch those on YouTube. I think. Yes, thank you can easily as they're so good and it's like, oh man, it's awesome Ark out over everything one marking Out means being a fanboy basically right like being which is kind of not wrestlers always say don't be a mark.
Don't be one of the people who's supposed to buy the tickets, but these dark of course, why would you put up with it? Why would you go around getting chopped by muscle-bound steroid freaks unless you are a mark Who Loved I'm so jealous. You you're like, I wish I was a wrestler man. I want to quit comedy every day and I if I was big and strong at be a wrestler Dynamite Kid was a British wrestler.
Tiger mask was a Japanese wrestler who literally wore a mask that looked like a tiger back in an era where this was not a very popular thing outside of Mexico to wear masks and they started coming to America and do it. They started in Japan doing these matches that are incredible then there's footage of them wrestling in Madison Square Garden in the 70s, and this was an ERA when rest Slurs were kind of like it was mostly like big dudes who just punched and kicked and got each other in headlocks and the matches were real slow.
These guys show up tiger mask is doing like flips into Karate kicks. He's jumping over the top rope Dynamite kid is throwing him in suplexes where he's literally going from one corner into the other and you can feel the crowd in Madison Square Garden you watch their match from MSG. You can feel the crowd like standing up going. Oh, we're watching the future happen in front of us. This feels like science fiction.
What is going on? I like to like imagine it like it's like the that match is like the first time like in basketball.
You saw somebody do like it alley-oop and you're like what 100% 100% there was an ERA in basketball where no one had seen an alley-oop and then it happened and everyone in that Arena of felt like they're gonna pass out with disbelief and tiger mask verse Dynamite Kid in those American matches for the American wrestling audience the same exact thing. You're right. Holy.
It to I love talking to you. What's the first time in front of a crowd like like once you because you've said you're doing some of the tiny in d-league's now you're 23, you're paying your dues that first time you're in front of a paying crowd walk me through what you're thinking psychologically.
Well psychologically, you're like please remember everything like don't don't mess don't like do something dumb like you're like if if you're gonna do something let it be like, oh that was silly but like don't be and like I guess the biggest thing for me was just like, you know, make sure everybody's safe in there, you know, make sure that everybody is, you know, because wrestling like we're talking about the combat sport, you know, things do go wrong and you just want to make sure You do your best to make sure that you know, you're keeping are pulling your opponent's safe and everything like that. So that was what was the first time like I'm just in the back and I'm just saying like, all right, so it's just like everything you've ever liked. So I love and all my goodness. Oh my gosh and like then like the thought hit me like as my music was playing.
I was like wait, I literally that guy in a movie going to walk out to a theme songs, like like like this is like never everyone is just like oh like everybody thinks of that like they always think of like, yeah, man, if I was like my theme song If I were to walk into the bar was it but like literally I'm about to walk out to a song in front of these people and that literally is happening in my brain right as I walk out like walk out. I'm being like a cocky asshole on my gosh.
Who are you and I remember my first show there's like a little girl and I'm a very nice person. So I was like very hard for me to say this but I try to stay in character as much as I can because that's what the show wanted and I just go up to this girl. I'm like you're cute for a little boy and she goes you screamed in my face and I was like like rushing away from her acting like I was scared to hey easy with that kid is what that kid back his terrifying and you know, what school did you get to have that experience with somebody like just Create this this memory and like whoa, like instantly and it's crazy and I but that first answer was probably horrible.
If I were to look back I was with the word now, you know, I don't want to make this about myself and I wrote about this in my the the one book I put a bad idea about to do. You know, I had one night where I was a manager. I did have one night where I dabbled in your world.
Oh no, you have to tell me you have to tell me.
Well, this was I was a freshman in college and this was when wrestling was at. I mean stone-cold the rock Mick Foley like it was as big as it's ever been and when 20 million one of the cool things I think for you guys and your position is when wrestling gets that big at the top of the food chain. They're just all of a sudden there's dozens of Tiny shows like every weekend there's like a high school gym within driving distance you where there's people wrestling because they know they can make money off of it because it's popular right now and a buddy of mine who I grew up with who also So loved wrestling he had gone to a wrestling school in New Jersey run by a guy named Gino Caruso.
I think a pretty well-known wrestling school in the in the tri-state area and my buddy was a smaller guy and they were like, you know, you're working real hard. But in the meantime, why don't you become a Booker for this league word running? It was real real small potatoes and they did a show at Seton Hall University.
My buddy calls me up and he's like so dude. I got this opportunity. And I think you need to be a part of it like we grew up together. We love wrestling and he I thought I was your funny if I was in the school plays with his sister and I was always the comedic roles Luther billis South Pacific baby. So he's like come up with a character and will pitch it to the the guy who owns the league.
So this guy I get on a three-way call with them like a day or so later and it turns out this guy is like I think agoraphobic is that the one where you will not leave your house. I think it's a agoraphobic the guy was like, he just never leaves his house, but he had all this money to burn. So he's running a wrestling league and I pitched them this character. I would be called White White magic where I would be a pimp, I would wear a top hat and a cane and a smoking jacket and I because I know especially back then like you can imagine me dressed as a pimp. Now when I was 20, I looked like I was like 15 years old and then he's like, oh my God, so did they put me up? They put their like great come do it. And there's this kid it was having his first match and I go in the locker room and this wasn't a narrower every wrestler was his working all the time. So Dude, King Kong Bundy was there Marty jannetty was in the locker room like a lot Loki like a lot of really well-known wrestlers Iron Sheik was there it was not.
Yeah and like yeah for like those that don't know is like especially like back then there weren't like guaranteed contract. So like if there wasn't a WWE show or whatever like they still have want to get paid. They still want to be like for their services. And so they would go out to these shows and Russell will perform just because like WWF is so off that week. So let me you know, I got to find somewhere because I got to pay my rent or like feed the kids so they would go to all these shows.
So yeah, I could definitely believe that's crazy white magic man.
They bring us out. And I'm managing this kid. This kid is terrified its first match and he's up against this local dude, who'd been around a bunch named flash wheeler and they told me we want this new kid to win but nobody's gonna buy it. So we need you to hit flash wheeler with your cane and I was like, I don't know about this so flash wheeler comes out to me and he's like, hey, I don't know who the fuck you are.
He's like, but you haven't trained in this and if if you hit me with that thing and hurt me, this is my career. Like I'll mess you up to it and I was like, I'm in Fair so I'm scared I go out. They Me they're booing. It's working. I'm loving it. I feel like I'm living my dream. People are yelling at me. I'm yelling back. Like what some guy yells at me and I'm like do not make me hit you in front of your kids man. Neither one of us wants that and everybody's bun some other guys yelling stuff. I was like, I will slap those last two hairs off your head baldy. Why don't you shut up like really proud of my heel work, you know, everybody's booing then this match happens and it's terrible. This kid is his first match. He's so scared keeps messing.
Setting up and then flash gives me the signal that it's time to hit me with the hit him with the cane. So I jump up on the ring apron. And first I get scared and just like don't do it and he kind of looks at me like what are you doing? And then I hit him at all. I had my head was him telling me don't hurt me. So I just kind of like lightly tapped him and I could see him like rubbing his eyes and then he had to sell it. He had to like roll around on the ground like in her and the whole crowd just started booing me like making fun of me and I'll never forget when I When I went to leave like all the Mystique was gone and a kid jumped over the guardrail and stole my top hat off my head and I was like, I need that. Hey, I need that and it was just like just a disaster and then bunch of guys were supposed to run out because of the cheating and one of them grabbed me and threw me back towards the locker room, but it wasn't a room. It was just like these partitions set up with a curtain and I ran into it face first and knocked it over and the whole crowd saw King Kong Bundy in his underwear and he's huge.
Everyone was So mad at me. I actually just snuck out the back door before the show is over my brother. I ran out one door and then I saw my brother running out the other he just instinctively knew that I was going to be out of there and he had my top hat and I was like, how did you get my top hat back? And he was like that kid was like 12. I just went up to him and told him to give it to me.
Yes.
I was like, I can't ever do wrestling again. I just proved this is not for me. But that's my dream. I would really I would have been in a lot of my career if I could just be a bad guy manager and Pro wrestling I would love it so much like and it's good.
Like when especially when you're a talker and like when you just feel the energy and I think like comedians are the like the best of that were just wrestling fans in general are the best when it comes to like just saying it like being the worst just be grounds.
PG show so you got to keep CG but then like in a lot of New York shows you get really into it, but I will come into this room right now and see what happens.
It's wild.
Have you ever been in a shoot situation? This is for anyone who doesn't know this is when a wrestling match turns real where people start actually going at each other in the crowd. Maybe knows it. Maybe doesn't you ever found yourself in that situation?
I have not and I absolutely hate it. I absolutely hate it, especially when it's a situation where a guy's just doing it because something happened like I think I just saw recently like this like somebody shot on a rest just because the ref messed up but like technically the rest was doing his job because he counted the three it's not the guy's fault that he didn't really kick out or whatever.
And it's guy just like suplex them on the outside of the ring and just that that's like one of those things that just infuriates me. Like that's why I like condone like people to learn how to legit start fighting like start learning how to legit white to protect yourself because you never know when some crazy fan is going to come in or when some guys gonna try to be bigger than you or anything and just try to take advantage of a situation and so So that's why I always encourage like no learn how to legit fight because that's that just frustrates me and makes me angry and it's just like unnecessary at all.
Good pause there. I think that's true for all of us in all walks of life. You gotta learn how to legit fight know not everybody not everybody needs to know physically fight but I get why he does. Anyway, we got ads check them out use the promo codes. We'll be right back.
When you're busy like we all are the first thing that falls to the bottom of the list tends to be taken care of yourself people tend to say I have time or money for that but talk space online therapy is the most convenient and affordable way to get the support of a licensed therapist talk space matches you with a licensed therapist based on your needs and preferences with thousands of licensed therapists trained in over 40 Specialties available.
Send your licensed therapist texts audio Sure or video messages from your phone or computer. Whenever you need to you don't have to make appointments everything happens within talk spaces secure platform all on your schedule therapy turned my life around I started doing it when I was 23 years old and I turn 40 this year.
It's a massively important thing in my life. I know so many people who say the same thing, and I'm so happy that talk space has been not just us. Supporter of this show but a supporter of finding modern ways to allow people to take care of their mental health. What a beautiful thing. The bottom line is that life can be hard and talk space wants to give more of us chance to get the support. We need at a price we can afford so listener of this podcast. You can get $100 off your first month on talk space to match with your perfect therapist. Go to talk space. Com or download the app, make sure to use the code beautiful to get $100 off your first month and show your support. For the show that's beautiful at talk space. Com.
Thanks to all our sponsors now. Let's finish off this conversation.
Start Lord had a legit fight because that's that just frustrates me and makes me angry. It's just like unnecessary at all.
Yeah, but I am yeah, I haven't I haven't been in one nor do I ever want to be and I always I really hope there is not a day where I see one because I were if I get my ass beat or not, I'm going in there. I'm gonna give it my best shot to stop that from happening.
So yeah, that's it's funny. It's one of the things that I think fans romanticize and are so enraptured by this idea of like, oh there's a shoot happening but be Friends with a couple wrestlers. I've really gotten the sense from them. It's not a pleasant thing. It's not a cool thing. It means that there's a level of control that has gone away and it means that there's like a feral animal in the ring that you need to tame and it's not it's not an enjoyable process.
Yeah, because like the whole thing is like this is an art and like this this guy is like just totally taking advantage and I think in the particular video that I've been one other video that I saw I saw was like this guy who's like really huge and he's facing off against this really small dude. And I don't know what was told in the back but week. He's like this literally just shooting on him like from the moment the match starts.
I don't know what what is happening in the back, but just immediately just laying in and there's times where you're like you think oh like Strong Style whatever and then there's like you instantly know. Oh wait this shit is happening right now. It's almost like like like you're saying like a bear just like Boise and like somebody's got to stop this dude right now. So it's just those situations are not ever fun. I wouldn't Booth no way. I not fun.
Now. Let's go ahead a lot of people are going to be shocked by this tell me as a starting out wrestler. What's the pay range like for you to go to a city and have a match?
Man on man people will hear it and they'll be like are you fucking kidding me? Sorry, so they will lose their the so the lowest I've been paid was like five dollars five dollars. You can say that's pretty much the lowest.
I was paid you've gone and how far did you have to drive to be in that match?
Two hours, so it wasn't it wasn't awful. Yes. It was you drive two hours and they pay you did you say five dollars and a hot dog.
Well, I'm just saying five dollars. I bought a hot dog with the fire from the concession stand so they made back Buck 75. Yeah, yeah, the hot dog was not included in the $5 Arrangement. They gave you you drove two hours. They give you five dollars and they made you pay for the hot dog.
Yes, what happened?
I would did like no one show up. So they didn't really feel like every listeners eyes.
Just rolling like oh my gosh even doing this just man.
I've heard these stories and even I didn't expect you to say $5.
Jeez. Yeah. I mean that was like that was like the extreme of extremes and I was like when I was first starting out and it was just that was one of those things where you just man that's All right, but like I just looked at it from a perspective of like it was I guess you look back on it now and it's just like a man that's crazy. But at the time I was just like man, like I'm really doing something that like overall makes me happy because like obviously I don't make a living off of progressing. I'm very new and I have like I'm a burrito robot because I work at Chipotle so but You gotta get that free protein.
So, you know, you just gotta but I looked at that situation. I was just like man, you know, this is this is crazy. Like I'm doing something that I actually love and so you look at the five dollars and just like, okay like but now you're like you think about it. I am high box like five bucks for two hour drive in the late at night. When you think you're going to use like hit a deer halfway through driving in the snow you like. Oh my God, but it was Just get home. Let's just get home and but yeah to our drivers were nothing to me anymore. Like they're like 30 minute drives to me like wasting artist you driven for a gig.
What's the longest you've been out on the road?
Well, I did like a road trip where it was like around. So we went from Chicago to I think it was Atlanta to Canada.
Back to like Indianapolis to Chicago and that was a whole week of just driving, Atlanta to Canada.
Yeah, I was like, is it this weird how we're going pretty far south just completely pass like the northern border just like plus as just like, oh my God. All right, and then you don't even think about it because you're just like that's like what kind of where you start like gaining your best friends and everything just because you're talking about like everything live and everything but like you think about wrestling and you do a show then you Drive to get in your seat. Whatever now you have to drive to Canada from Atlanta and all the adrenaline you have in your life. Yeah, this is so fun. This is so fun. And then you just sitting in your car and you're like constantly moving because your back is hurting and you're like, oh my God, this is the actual worst. This is the worst and but yeah, that's that is one that I die. I think that was probably the biggest fan of I can't dial the hours because it was literally a full weekend. But yeah, that's pretty much a lot of protein bars.
Yeah driving in Canada like for $5.
Yeah, they pay you more than five dollars on a trip right now that trip but I have heard stories of like guys driving like 16 hours for 20 bucks and you're like He's crazy, but it also depends on the opportunity because if you're working for a bigger show and they give you that amount, but you get exposure and like you get booked on more shows then it may help you out in the future then again. I don't know. I'm very new.
Rookie. I'm a green boy, so I can't fully.
Fully indulge on that but like yeah, I've definitely heard other stories like that and it's pretty wild it's pretty crazy. But you know family is okay with it.
So real talk to me about that because I think a lot of I would imagine a lot of the wrestlers you meet their families are not okay with it.
Surprisingly the more younger you are the more your family seems okay with it. I think that was like my kind of like my mother's way of putting it because I was around I was 20 years old when I first started like thinking about it and I obviously told her before I like apply don't like it. So you're thinking of doing this and like just wanted like your thoughts.
Like I respect your opinion and everything and she was just like well.
You're young so you get to do this you get to do this you get to live your life because there's like no point and my mom is like super cool. So like she was like you could get to live your life. Like you're young you get to do this and you know, there will be mistakes and they'll be failures on the way. But you're you're 20, like I wish I could have done like like had this idea when I was 20 and just like gone out and did it, you know for no reason so my mom was very very cool about that and then Here other stories man, that sucks but usually most what I think most parents get excited the more they see you perform the more that it's like they see your part of the show and everything like oh, that's my that's my kid and then they see you guys happy like that's my kid. Oh my God, please save us.
I'm the bad guy and the bad guy here.
That's cool. Sounds like you got a great mom.
Yeah, no, she's she's she's my rock and she is into wrestling. I don't want to say she's your Dwayne Johnson.
Yeah, she's mine.
But yeah, she's been she's been the absolute best. My older brother is also the absolute best because he was he's a huge huge wrestling fan as well and we were definitely those kids that were. Were just walking around Walmart or Target or anything like the Chicago area. Just beating the crap out of each other my mom like day in fifth grade.
Yeah, I was wearing a Latino Heat sure and they were like we're going to need you to go to the office and I was like what? Well, I just said my name and I got you and so she was like she goes I go to the office and look at your shirt is just Latino Heat is just adding things like doing the most like call my mom.
That night was just like are you serious? You're gonna let him walk to school or go to school in that shirt and judgment. I'm sorry. I just wasn't paying attention. They're just like oh man, but yeah crazy times. Yeah, definitely. But yeah, my mom and my brother are the absolute best night brother's a huge wrestling fan. She always feels the need to ask me a million questions, which I appreciate but also you got a little kid.
Keep it kayfabe with him kayfabe kayfabe is the idea that you don't break character the reality and back in the day. It was taken to the point where there's all these legendary stories that if they kept kayfabe so hard that like if someone came up to a wrestler in a bar and said you what you guys do is fake that they would fight them on the spot.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah that was like huge back then they can see like and I think it is not the sense of like we're gonna throw all that out, but In the sense of like guys just going out there and like people questioning what we do as fake. It's Sports combat theater. So what we do is I mean if you put anybody out there, it hurts. It's not it's not the fun. I mean, there's a lot of adrenaline that's going through us.
So we really feel it like towards the end of the night, but it's very Very real in some senses and I like to tell people all the time. I guess now like WWE says Sports Entertainment Sports entertainment because you know, the lines have been blurred clear whatever and just and just like Everyone now kind of has an idea. So I always just go like dude The Avengers is not like when the scene and endgame happens and you you are like all the stuff that you feel, you know, it's not real right, but it's awesome. And let's just be a part of this awesome moment. That's like kind of how I explain less than the people just like just be a fan of it don't like question the idea or like it's not you have seen no performers. I don't want to legit go one-on-one with someone and then like try to not get my face caved and I want to tell a story.
Right. Yeah, it's a plan.
It's effectively a play where the story is very very simple and easy to understand there's a good guy and a bad guy and they want you to root for the good guy and there might be a lot of creative and funny moments where they make you really wonder how it's going to win or where maybe the bad guy wins and you realize oh, this is just a step in a larger story. I got to buy a ticket and come back next week to to see how the story unfolds.
It's just a play.
Yeah, yes.
This is just like a like some of my favorite things are like the the times favorite moments are like the times when everybody's in the ring and everybody's being the crap out of everyone just like the just an all-out brawl is happening. Like I think there was a like any stone called top.
Well, I pop is a loud reaction from the crowd. I feel like Merriam-Webster of wrestling just telling all these but the so the idea of those like mix it was Mick Foley versus The Rock and 99. I think it was like January 4th. I was like that huge episode where the tide changes in the Monday Night War and Billy Gunn goes and Tackle. Eels.
I can't remember who he tackled but then everyone's kind of fighting on the insides Rock versus Mankind for the championship and then all of a sudden stone-cold music hits and you hear the biggest pop ever and just that crowd reaction and just walks into the rain fan and it's like those those moments are like insane or like when Kurt Angle does the sprays everybody with the milk truck and I just love those moments kind of like I The moments like you see in that like an end game when you see all the portals open up and then they're chasing down like I love those moments like the it's almost better than the battle is like the before the anticipation to build to it. And that's what I love about wrestling is like a lot of it is anticipated Like A build-up to a fight that you're telling a story about not like Conor McGregor just doing in a press conference or something like that and just like pull the lips.
You mind.
Yeah, but that's like the best part of it.
Honestly. It's the best they just just a few months maybe a I don't know I think less than a year ago. There was one that caught my attention. They got this guy Braun strowman really huge and they did that thing where they had the backstage camera following him and his Chase. I forget who it was like he's beating up on a guy and they threw the guy in an ambulance and then they had him run off and they've rigged it so that this yeah.
They shot it really creatively where you couldn't see like the hydraulic rig, but they made it look like this guy picked up an entire ambulance over his head and flipped. It is watching him like then wrestling is so fun.
It's the most fun thing to watch just like if you just like forget like if you just take out the idea like fake and head you just want to watch it whether how ridiculous it can be. It can just be so fun to watch and I specifically remember that. Moment and I was in the fridge like I like the frat house and watching that that specific segments and bronze doing forever like well-rested for what all wrestling fans still.
So one of my buddies is just screaming like a dream you dream of having that one moment where you get to feel like a superhero and where people react to you like you are one.
I get it. Yeah, I get why you're chasing is so what do you think? What are the odds that you rise through the ranks? We got a minute left. I want to hear the prognosis of where you think you're at versus where you want to be.
Well, I want to I want to be really F and good.
I know it's going to take awhile to get there because I'm still green. I'm still new and kind of wrestling and like these lower promotions. But I definitely the goal is to be where be able to make a living off of it. I do not want to be folding burritos anymore. That would be fantastic and I don't speak it.
You know, we only have a minute. To be like we know I don't say guac is extra people already know that but I definitely want to just be how people a lot of people say I want to be the best but I just want to be really F and good in like just create the best moments. I guess. That's my goal. Was it but thank you so much Chris for talking that this has been truly an awesome conversation. I've always wanted to have it because we're both wrestling fans and what a joy Yeah, I wish you nothing but the best I hope you win the IWGP championship before you life is over and I feel like you've said it twice.
Maybe your nickname should be really F and good maybe that needs to be your catchphrase.
I think yeah. Yeah, maybe maybe.
I want to thank data young wrestler for calling in I can feel free to not use my ID. I could tell you in nonplussed by that's fine. You come up with your own thing and I hope it brings you to the heights of superstardom. Thank you. Jared O'Connell and Harry Nelson in the booth. Thank you Shell Shack for the music. I know more about me and when I'm out on the road Chris death. Com you let the show go to Apple podcast wait for you subscribe else. We do. We'll see you next time.
Next time I'm beautiful and animus.
I understand that you all immediately stripped down to complete nudity and got into a bathtub together.
How does that feel comfortable?
I feel like there ain't nothing that another woman got that. I know God they got to use. I got teased a gap vaginas. I got my Shiner. So I'm just like you know what? We're Miami yellow. Let's just can't make it. I mean, I can't even and you're going out to a club tonight. Yes, we are ready to get short wasted.
That's next time on beautiful anonymous.
A caller is trying to get a mortgage to buy a duplex with a big group of polyamorous friends and family in Southern Maine. This episode is brought to you by Teladoc (www.teladoc.com/stories), ZipRecruiter (www.ziprecruiter.com/beautiful), Bombas (www.bombas.com/stories).
READ LESS
Hello to everybody who doesn't know too many details about southern Maine beautiful and ominous one hour one phone call. No names No Holds Barred.
I'd rather know everybody Chris gethard here.
Welcome to beautiful Anonymous give you a quick reminder beautiful follow-ups is back new episodes coming up each Friday Stitch a premium free month Stitch a premium with the code stories and these calls have been really good so far last Friday, we cut up the road dogs the infamous Road dogs. Yeah, they're good next Friday early onset one of the earlier calls and show going to hear how everything is going with that collar.
So be sure to sign up and there's a lot of beautiful Anonymous content over there. It's ditch a premium. I hope you like it. This week's call. I talked with not one but two collars they are a couple they are living a specific type of life that I'll tell you. I have friends who I am who identify as Polly who live apart. Glamorous life and even knowing people who do it. It's not something I've ever sat down and had a conversation with so this was very eye-opening for me because I know this is something that has become more and more in the public sphere recently and it's nice to hear about it from a couple who actually participates in this lifestyle.
We all hear all about that and much more their unique living situation the culture of Maine some of the stereotypes I had about main that we're false. It's Very interesting call that mostly revolves around a very specific lifestyle and I found it eye-opening and I'll just say my official stance on everything is if you are an adult and everything is consensual and you are happy and living free.
I give it a thumbs up. I know it's a lot for everybody to sort their heads around myself included but so happy to see when people are happy and their choices enjoy the conversation.
Thank you for calling beautiful Anonymous a beeping noise will indicate when you are on the show with the host.
Hello.
Hi. Hey guys, how are you?
I'm all right. I got a cold. I'm getting my my son has a cold which means I just perpetually have a mini cold.
Oh, I totally get it. Yeah. My roommate is sick right now. So we're trying to like, you know comfort her but avoid her at the same time.
Yeah, it's comforter and then also throw a ton of hand sanitizer after I wash my hands constantly, you know get her anything she needs but to hand it to her on like a broom on a from five feet away. Yes. Well said if unfortunately my son is six months old and he hasn't mastered taking things off of the ends of brooms yet.
So we'll get there someday.
Yeah. Yeah.
Now, how are you? How are you man?
I asked you first.
Okay, let's see outside. I mean, I felt like I answered it with the called but outside of that. I'm fine. I guess maybe a little bit of some existential questions in my life right now. Out, you know where I want to wind up both in location and dude career, but that's okay.
Yeah, that's big Fame.
Oh, no. All right. Yeah, what's up with you?
Yeah, well for the last year and a half or so myself my fianc my brother and his husband and our roommate that I was just mentioning his sick. We've been saving and planning on buying a house together buying a duplex. X and then I think it was what two days ago that whole plan fizzle out into nothing.
So wait you were gonna now it's kind of a yeah, you were going to all five were all together.
That sounds complicated.
It was some mildly but it really wasn't too too bad because really only my brother-in-law and myself had the credit score to get the loans. It was going to be the two of us technically would buy the house and everyone else would technically be our tenants.
And it was it was going pretty well. It seemed to be going really really well. And you know, I had we had saved up the money and had talked to the banks and they basically had just said look but in the housing application, you'll probably be approved and then you just have to pick out a house and then you nights ago. We had a house meeting and kind of all came to the mutual conclusion that as much as we love each other as people and support each other don't really want to live with each other because I love my brother but my favorite people on this Earth, but I'll kill him.
kill him in his sleep oldest mother Brother Bo the amount of times I would talk to people about my plans and they would say wow, you like your brother that's not going to last and be like are you don't know us we're friends and then another right if I had bought a it's in a lot of ways really great that we came to this conclusion before names were on mortgages and things kind of means we're back to square one with figuring out where we're going to go.
I gotta say I'm certainly not one to judge and if this show has taught me anything it's not to judge people, but I do have to say My immediate Instinct and I'm sure many of the people listening is you know, don't don't buy a house with multiple parties. That's That could have that could get nasty fast.
Yeah, and we had me know once we had found a house. We were going to you know, put a lot of things in legalese and writing and talk to lawyers. And you know, we were we had planned on how to make it so that wouldn't get ugly but luckily we figured it out before it even had to get close to ugly quite honestly the conversation the other night had a few moments were like things got a little heated but really by the end of it. We were all calmly on the same page, you know, we're all still living together.
At the time being we my parents are wonderful people who are going to be selling their house in the spring anyway, and they already live in their retirement home. So they were like you guys can stay there and you know, make sure the pipes don't freeze in the winter and you know pay your electricity pay your internet, but you can stay in the house.
So we're for the time being we're still in my folks house, but we're going to be moving out of here soon.
Well, I'm glad I'm glad everything got sorted out before you had your names on a mortgage. It's better to better have the tension now than then when you're all legally obligated to be financially tied together and real estate holdings.
Yeah, I mean, I'm only 25 to so the fact that I was going to be.
How can the mortgage with these people for 30 years was terrifying but it was something that you know, if I was going to do it with any group of five people. It would be this group of five people. So nobody cares nobody buys a house with a group of five people Nobody Does that nobody does the lady the lady we talked to you at the bank at our that we weren't even her first group of people buying a duplex together. So what wow, yeah, I mean in this market is kind of the only way of grouping Millennials is going to be able to afford a down payment.
Anyway, ain't that the truth they say the economy is gone better than ever, but then I hear many things like that. I don't quite get how this adds up.
Well, I mean in like my case, you know, my brother has over seven hundred dollars a month in just student loan payments. I lucked out and like got a little bit more of my school taken care of but I'm still you know on the whole for almost four hundred dollars a month just in student loan payments and doing that on top of all the other living expenses and trying to save 20,000.
Dollars for a down payment and I have a cat and a dog and a fiance who you know, like we like to eat food sometimes. Yeah.
They say there's all these jobs now and I think there's I think there's truth to that but it also seems like if people can't if the jobs don't add up to living wages and student loans and insurance payments then does it matter that there's more of them. I think we need more good jobs, but hey, I mean they say there's more jobs.
But like it's I work in retail for the last three years with a college degree like and I worked at a you know, Big Box store that I won't name the name of let's call it Bullseye because no one will know what that means. But you know, they Advertise that they're paying people $15 an hour, but they're not advertising that they only give you 12 hours a week.
I'm guessing it's Walmart. I'm guessing Walmart on that one.
Yep. You're right. It is it is Walmart.
This is why I've been saying for a while that I think the I think that I think the class I think the class conflicts coming and I know I know that me and my buddy Murph we've talked a lot about hey man Even though, even though we're in the entertainment. An industry we got to get back to our Jersey roots and he's got this Pennsylvania Roots. We got to be ready to fight on the side of what's right, but I'm not trying to be alarmist or come off as insane.
But this can only go on. I look close enough to Canada that I can always just run away. So That's always good.
Yeah, I mean I have dual citizenship now. So when things really collapsing get out.
Yeah, you can always just hop, you know, I mean, you got to take the wife of the baby who I mean to cry I haven't spoken to you since the kid was born congrats by the way, he's adorable. Thanks.
Yeah, it's the best fun to hang out with him. Even when he coughs directly into my mouth and smiles after yeah and like 4 to 6 month range is always like the best page for babies because they're like cute little potatoes the smile at you and then they stay Where you put them? Yeah, he's starting. He you can tell that he understands what crawling is, but he can't do it. So he just kind of makes swimming motions on the floor to baby-proof this bad boy right now.
But I mean, I saw your wife's photo with him with the soil all over his head.
So yeah, I learning what happens this kid grab the end. He grabbed the plant there's a plant with a little Vine hanging over a coffee till he pulled it down. I'm glad the flowerpot didn't kill him and he has but he had dirt all over his head picture.
I thought close the pot was a very very cute picture that could have been a very bad picture but the dirt went all over his head and is a photo of a big old goose egg.
He's on his head. I mean at best at best. I don't even want to think about it. But he's a big grin on his face. I'm like good he there I will regret saying this but it's like good. Yeah causing trouble can be fun. I'm glad you just learned. My wife has a picture of when you learned that that causing trouble when he listens to this episode in the future.
Your dad is choking causing trouble is no fun at all. No, I'm not kidding well-behaved be the most mannered kid.
No, I'm not kid disrupt the status quo throw it throw a wrench into the gears. Of the algorithm. You must be the great.
Hope of when he you're the great. Hope of the future that she'll disrupt things where I failed when he's a terror. Don't say I didn't try and help you.
I want him to be the one to disrupt Society no pressure. No pressure reform Society in the image of positivity no pressure or no love everyone loved everyone unconditionally, but be respectful to adults and less are not respectful to you first. Yes question authority within reason. That's the that's the more.
Ten words same version of the party within reason. Yes always ask why things have to be the way that they are but don't be a little shit about it find the healthy balance and you live laugh love. Yeah. Yeah. It's not as marketable. It's not you can't put it on a on a bumper sticker as easily put it on a vinyl instead of you know live laugh love.
It's just question authority within reason.
Okay. Yeah, that one's good. Mine was more wordy and clunky.
Yeah.
So what's your deal outside of this real estate thing? What's the The deal we've been chit-chatting for almost 10 minutes. No boy.
It's already been 10 minutes. All right, I don't know a little bit about me. I am a 20-something lesbian living in the middle of nowhere Main in a you know big house with my beautiful fiancee and my brother who's also gay and his husband in a happy committed poly relationship.
I recently got go stood by my on and off parole for the seven years for the last year. Do you want my fianc is also in the room and commenting on what I'm telling you so Whoa, this is a lot to unwrap.
How long have you been with your fiance?
We've been together since 20 a graduated college in 2016. So 2016 almost when April will be four years.
So you've been with your fiance almost four years, but you had a girlfriend a seven years. Did she goes to you has what did she get pissed off that you got engaged to someone else? No.
No. In fact, she was also engaged to someone else.
She and I have a very we've been friends since high school. She was actually the girl who I realized I was gay because I realized that I had a crush on her. It wasn't just friendship feelings. I was feeling so I told her all that, you know after I came out of the closet and everything and she was worried about it, you know, sorry, you know, I love you. You're one of my best friends in this world. I don't feel the same way totally understood.
I you know, I All the same way. I was also leaving for college and she was still in high school for another year. I wasn't trying to get anything. Just wanted to get that off my chest and tell her that I thought she was pretty and then she ended up going to college the next town over to me. So through the rest of college we would see each other regularly and one thing kind of just led to another and then she would start dating me and then freaked out about the fact that she's dating a woman and panic and dump me and date some boy who I knew wasn't going to last and then they break up.
And she'd go back to dating me and For cheat on said boyfriend with me and yeah 30 on and off again. There was always this one boy back home who she would constantly get back with sand bounce back and forth between him and I for a while and my senior year college right before my fiance and I started seeing each other.
She and I were very much dating, you know people around my college would see her regularly said she was my girlfriend I agreed she was my girlfriend and then She dumped me like a sack of potatoes out of nowhere for that boy back home. So I kind of gave up on the idea of the Two of Us ending up together and moved on with my life and it up kind of stupidly hooking up with a freshman during the last like three weeks of my senior year of college and figured that was going to be a fling that I'm now living with her and engaged to her but she seduced a fresh. Yeah and then I did I was trying not to I was really really trying not to I wanted nothing more than to just graduate college with no strings attached.
And then of course I had to go and fall in love.
Ain't that always the way?
Now, can I ask you? Yeah, and I mean really knows only what I was only supposed to be a two-week slang.
Both of us thought was going to be a two-week nothing and then every time it was like, you know, oh we should probably end this we should probably break up with her or she's probably going to break up with me. We just never wanted to and kept seeing each other and now we're here buying a house together.
All right. Okay A True Modern romance now, can you explain to me? Okay. I live in New York City. I've Got Friends of all different Stripes people from many different Lifestyles and I'm quite happy about that. Yeah, I do have friends who are poly. My understanding is that this can take on different definitions for different people.
I also feel like to a lot of people who maybe aren't as familiar with this lifestyle and I would say this maybe and you know, I'm not the most exposed to it myself. I think a lot of people here and go. What does that? That mean your swingers does that mean that you have your main relationship but that you go out and have sexual flings or one night stands with other people and I'm sure it takes on many forms for other people. But what would you say the broad definitions are at least for yourself?
I need in our instance because I mean obviously every relationship is different monogamous or non-monogamous. So you can't really say that all straight or gay relationships are the same you can do. Thing with Polly but in our case we are each other's primary Partners, you know push came to shove and I can only be with one person forever. I would be with her but but if we don't exclusively say that, you know there that if I meet somebody while I'm out and about her I make a friend out in the world who I get romantic feelings for I don't have to completely avoid being around that person or you know fight with my fiance because I think I have a crush on someone else, you know as much as I love her in a lot of ways were great with each other and complete each other and help each other out, you know, I don't believe in the one and only kind of And so the fact that statistically there is other people out in the world who I would also get along with romantically. I don't feel like I should have to exclude those people from my life just because I found someone who makes me happy and how much conversation goes into this how much oh so much so much conversation. We talked almost like a stupid annoying amount, you know when I was eight. I ended up actually with high school girl.
I ended up dating. In her last year for most of the Year while I was you know, living with my fiance she was living with me. We were happy, but occasionally I would be like, hey, I have a date with high school girl. So when I get home from work, I basically just going to get changed and then we're going to go see a movie and occasionally, I'd be like, hey high school girls coming over. Do you mind if I borrow the bedroom I'll change the sheets and that doesn't create any tension or any resentment.
No, I mean no you want to talk to her. She's The room begging to talk to you too. Okay. Sure. Yeah.
Hello. Hi. Hey my dude what? Hey, does anybody ever tell you that anybody ever tell you guys that you sounded like? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I hate it when people are like are you sniffling and it's like no no, no look alike.
Now, you sound exactly this is Jared's nightmare. This is Jared's nightmare.
He has to be the one to go. Clean up the call that people sound like so so we were talking about the idea of polyamory. So hello to the fiance. I haven't spoken before this doesn't create any tension resentment jealousy the things that people might assume it does.
I mean we actually started we were long distance for and I was still at college and she was at home and she was like Hey girl is really Cute and great, and we've been hanging out and I'm like cool like is she still pretending to be straight and it pretty much was born out of like hey, you should convince girl that like reminder. She's not straight and reminder. She's happy being with women so go for it and it was kind of kind of pushed by me to be like, no we can we can we can we can be open. Yeah. She has good tried to fight me into sleeping with another woman. I was constantly being like no I shouldn't I'm with you. I'm happy. I don't You to get jealous and she's like, I'm the opposite of jealous, please go. Fuck.
Yeah Sally now what now, which one of you said that? Okay, so I'm and see species c t is the one that you started to coalesce.
He is who I originally spoke to. Okay?
Yes, okay and see but ya know so I was pretty much like hey, you should have her over for a sleepover and like try to hint hint nudge nudge and girl that she too was coaxing into being a relationship was was engaged and still engaged to a lovely boy that she loves but also like We know our a beard is he's absolutely her beard.
Lovely, dear. How do you think a beard he's a great beer fashionable, but we love them. No, seriously great, dude, but like, oh like, you know when you like you want somebody to be so happy and you know that they know what would make them happy and you're like do the thing that would make you happy.
So I really wanted that for her because like hey if being with her also makes you happy and that's obviously not going to hurt me because I love you and you Me and if you get some extra Cuddles in while on long distance with you great. Yeah because I it doesn't come from a place of jealousy. I don't have any jealousy if there's any jealousy, it's just like hey, I saw you cuddling her a lot. Can you please tell me some more and that'll be pretty much it?
Yeah, I'm like, it's a pretty much like I love to see you happy and anything that makes you happy makes me happy. We feed off each other's happiness.
That part I really liked I will say can I put something out here and I hope this isn't says just the way you guys you all phrased. It. It does. There are some people listening her going to think wait. There's another side of the coin. That sounds like what the hell is everybody? Okay.
When pause right there you guys have to stay tuned now because I'm sure everybody wants to know is that a dog or a see someone being murdered?
We all know making small changes can be really positive can have a healthy effect on your lifestyle the right towel turns a bathroom into a spa you can make all these upgrades with Brooklyn and you know Brooklyn and as the internet's favorite sheets, but they're also home to betting loungewear towels and more with over 50,000 plus five star reviews and Counting now, they have everything for Life Essentials shower curtains bath mats, robes totes final details.
That helped you make a big upgrade just this very morning. I stepped out of the shower and I stepped onto a Brooklyn and bath mat and it felt good under my feet to the degree that I noticed. I hadn't realized it was the Brooklyn and one that was out. And before I even look down I said, that's Brooklyn and right there then I grabbed myself a whole Good Old Brooklyn and towel and I dried myself off and I felt great about it is it's thick its fluffy. It works. I love it love my Brooklyn and stuff high quality stuff. You can hear my voice. This is real. And Brooklyn and. Com. It's the perfect place to start making small changes that make big differences Brooklyn and so confident in their product that all their sheets comforters loungewear and towels come with a lifetime warranty.
So go on make yourself comfortable get 10% off your first order and free shipping when you use the promo code stories only at Brooklyn and. Com. That's be Roo KLA any n. Com promo code stories and he New Yorkers if you're listening you can get the internet's favorite sheets in real life. Visit Brooklyn's first store in Brooklyn at 127 Ken Evan Williamsburg, Brooklyn and Then you need to live your most comfortable life.
When you're busy like we all are the first thing that falls to the bottom of the list tends to be taken care of yourself people tend to say I have time or money for that but talk space online therapy is the most convenient and affordable way to get the support of a licensed therapist talk space matches you with a licensed therapist based on your needs and preferences with thousands of licensed therapists trained in over 40 Specialties available.
Send your licensed therapist texts audio Sure or video messages from your phone or computer. Whenever you need to you don't have to make appointments everything happens within talk spaces secure platform all on your schedule therapy turned my life around I started doing it when I was 23 years old and I turn 40 this year.
It's a massively important thing in my life. I know so many people who say the same thing, and I'm so happy that talk space has been not just us. Supporter of this show but a supporter of finding modern ways to allow people to take care of their mental health. What a beautiful thing. The bottom line is that life can be hard and talk space wants to give more of us chance to get the support. We need at a price we can afford it's a listener of this podcast. You can get $100 off your first month on talk space to match with your perfect therapist. Go to talk space. Com or download the app, make sure to use the code beautiful to get $100 off your first month and show your support.
For the show that's beautiful at talk space. Com.
Thanks to all our advertisers now. Let's get back to the conversation.
Another side of the coin that sounds like what the fuck is everybody. Okay.
Oh, yeah the others dog. He's a squirrel. Oh, no. It's so UPS guy Alex.
It's the dog barking at the UPS guy wasn't the UPS guy started screaming bloody murder. Okay, I will say there are some there are some listeners who may be will hear that. Then the way you laid it out and say it does sound like maybe a game was made out of out of Erupting someone's attempt to have a relationship of a different stripe if I go out and prove to her. She's gay might sound aggressive to some listeners.
And I mean the way that it was said it does sound that way, you know, it's one of those things where if you knew the the context and to the people involved it would be very different but it wasn't any sort of like Malicious intent, in fact that night she was talking about I ended up doing nothing with high school girl aside from talking to her and just saying thing my piece and saying what I felt and I had come to the conclusion that I wasn't going to make any moves unless she initiated and she didn't initiate that night so nothing happened but, you know couple of nights later she initiated so mmm. Yeah, I got that, you know and the entirety of my relationship with that other girl. She was entirely in the driver's seat.
And that's fair. That's a good thing to make clear of you. Didn't you never put pressure and manipulated it was you always just left the door open for her to follow her instincts. And I think that that's very good now, huh? So do you is this the type of thing like, well one of you come home every now and then go how was your day work was stressful and then I stop by the grocery store and I met somebody cute so we hooked up a little bit or is it more?
Hey this person I'm developing a crush on them. Let's sit and talk about it. Let's lay out everything beforehand with our general workup with it is we have to get the other person's permission first in our case sleeping with someone else doesn't necessarily mean you cheated on them.
But if for whatever reason the other person says, hey, I don't want you to sleep with this person. And then you do then that's when you start cheating also if it's like a surprise that like, oh well, like we kind of just ended up sleeping together like we have like a 24-hour window to be like hey, so this thing happened last night just just so so are we okay. I'm sorry. I would have given you a heads-up if I could have and we always give each other hugs up whenever we can.
Yep. We have a 24-hour rule to disclose all encounters, but for the most part if it's going to happen, we have a sneaking suspicion that it's going to happen and we talked about it in advance.
Wow, 20 to 24 hour window. That's a good Rule. And so then it's like it and if it goes before if it goes beyond 24 hours, that means you're feeling guilty or conflicted in some way and hiding it and that's going to be an issue.
Yeah, not when you start realizing like if you can't if I can't talk to her within 24 hours of about it than it's probably because she already said she didn't want me to do it. Yeah, but also we like not have a problem Yeah, we actually haven't run into that issue at all.
That's good. That's good. What's a you? A girlfriend with mentioned that it might sometimes just be cuddling or more one off, you know hooking up with people when you talk about you know, you have fiance and a girlfriend. What's what's the most number of people that have been involved in your relationship web so to speak at one time.
I think that that was about Max. Yeah. I mean the option in the Rises for you know me to have another significant other and her to have another significant other but that just really haven't had Happened at the same time not like actively looking either but like, you know, what happens happens?
Yeah, right. So there is the plan you guys are open let the potential of like, whoa, we might we might meet someone that we're both really into and we want to bring them into the unit and then they there can be three of us and our roommate and my brother and his husband and our animals all in one house that we purchase together.
Yeah, my brother his husband actually do have a boyfriend so I got it. Okay, they're purple. I got it throuple that's what I just heard that phrase first time recently.
Yeah throuple throuple.
Yeah, I mean the whole boyfriend's except for the main to who are married but they're getting pretty serious and we like their boyfriend. He he always comes over and does all our dishes and cook the massive dinner. So he's got on my book.
That's always cool. That's always cool when the when the third third guy in the throuple decides to step up and contribute out of the gate. That's good.
Ask a question and maybe this is just my own preconceptions of things.
How is it living this lifestyle in Maine?
We're in Southern Maine, which is a lot more Liberal Liberal than northern Maine. So it's okay down here. Our group of friends are all you know, pretty gay aquarium. Yeah, so it's in our group of friends. Even the ones who are monogamous like they still don't care as long as we're happy and you know, everybody's being respected.
I don't know if I would go up, you know, three or four hours North and talk about this as openly as I do. But yeah, and it also helps that this was not a very densely populated area. So it's not like we're running into people all the time who are like, oh I want to date this person and this person came off and oh isn't this person great. Like it's it's pretty slow up here, which is like kind of a nice Pace actually not be overwhelmed. Yeah because we're not looking for a romantic Partners just if it like comes across us. That's cool.
But like it's pretty true. This is pretty chill. Wow.
Yeah, that's because I do feel like there's a preconception that like main is an outlier New England where it's like very, you know between like the fishing lifestyle and The Woodsman lifestyle that there's some more conservatism, but actually when you Google game and it looks like there's actually some Provincetown level areas of Southern Maine.
Um, Portland is crazy gay - who knew I gotta stay out.
I gotta see this these preconceived it's funny because I come from a state that everyone judges and has preconceptions about I get very defensive and here I am going all but how did all these Lumberjacks judging you and it's like, oh, no actually cursory Google search reveals that there's gay beaches. There's also all sorts of open-mindedness going on here. I am.
Yeah, and I mean the funny thing is I'm actually also from New Jersey my folks Born and bred there I was born there. My brother was born there. We're about we moved up here when I was three Clark Raleigh area Clark Rahway.
Yep. I know it. Well Clark is Infamous because I yeah exit 135 on the Garden State Parkway is the exit with a name Clark Westfield. Yep.
Is it 135 Park West and cheese?
Thanks for not calling it pork roll.
Oh God. No, that's no at the the Taylor ham is of like valuable food from the Homeland when our Jersey family comes up to visit. They know they need to bring Taylor ham and hard rolls or they can't stay with us.
Yeah, so I get it I get it now.
You guys are very confident in your lifestyle. It seems like it's working for you. You're also quite Young. Have you have you have you have you run into people who point this out before I did I mean like Like My Mother Does when we talk about definite things but really for the most part everyone's just kind of shocked that you know, we considered buying a home at this age.
Oh and my brother is older, you know, my brother just turned 30 this month.
So the group of us as a whole are a little bit older we just happen to be the youngest ones in the group. Yeah. We're the baby's I'm almost 23 almost 22.
Okay. So 25 coming up on 23. Okay. Okay. I was doing the math based on freshman. In Europe that there was more separation. Okay. Now your mom your you mentioned that your your mother or your parents traditional people or are they people who grew up in a way that lends itself to being open-minded towards their children's alternative Lifestyles. So to speak my brother I lucked out on the parent front.
I mean our parents both grew up in Irish Catholic Family with six and seven siblings apiece. Me and my grandparents were lovely lovely people who loved us unconditionally, but I think in a lot of ways, they loved us unconditionally because we weren't their kids. We were their grandkids and we didn't live, you know, 20 minutes away. We lived six hours away. So they only saw us on big occasions, but my parents are the black sheep of both of their families not like they've got disowned or anything, but they chose to move up to Maine in the middle of nowhere because they hate it how populated New Jersey was.
And you heard of that? Yeah, we just inherited that so, you know, they were not surprised when my brother came my brother is older than me so he came out first and both of us didn't actually come out to our dad when we came out because with our mom she was always very openly pro-gay when you know gay rights movement was you know before it was Nationwide legal for gay marriage. She was always very open with us about the fact that she supported. A gay people and that our uncle is gay and but our dad never really said anything for or against it. So we had no idea where he stood and then my brother came out of the closet told my mom known a big tear-filled moment that something I got to tell you and I'm scared to say it and mom thought she was going to say he got someone pregnant and ended up being like no exact opposite. Actually. I'm just very gay I said you had me so worried.
Wow when it came to coming out to Dad. She told him and he was like I've known since he was five. I knew all the names of the My Little Ponies and it's not because my daughter told them to me because my son told them to me so And then when I came out of the closet, it was kind of a similar thing. I told my mom and she was just like I don't really care you do you and she told my dad and he's like well like her brother. She must leave the islands now.
Yeah, that's cool parents parents who opted into being outliers and then it helped inform some open-mindedness on there. And it sounds like yeah.
No, I really lucked out like my mom and I you know my parents and I will occasionally picker here and there because he doesn't pick her with their parents, but I acknowledge wholeheartedly but I have the best folks. I love them so much.
That's cool. That's cool. Yeah. So why no, I'm super lucky.
I know a lot of people in our situation would not be as lucky.
Now here's the thing that I really first of all.
I feel like you had mentioned that when with your your parents like gay marriage was not legal for most of their lives, but I feel like you might be some of the first people I've talked to on the show who are at an age where? It feels like like remind me when the tide started turning on that because it feels like you maybe of the first generation where it will be legal for the majority of your life.
Yeah, I mean because the gay marriage became legal in 2015-2016, but my whole life really and a part of it kind of, you know comes to the area that we grew up in is a very liberal part of Maine. So a lot of people we knew whether they were gay or not some Really care about gay people even though you know, very typical Manor guys who go out in the lobster boats and they you know, Bob day they fix the tractor and then it's called a long day. Bob date. They still didn't care.
Yeah.
Yeah, there are some people who like like their guns and to say and be verbal about it. But most of me just doesn't really care as long as you mind your own business. Yeah. Yeah, just quiet Junior Canada pretty much Junior Canada.
That's pretty good. That's yeah haven't heard that before I do for you. Do I I tell you because I feel like you know, I grew up amongst the working class in Jersey and it's there's a thing. And I wonder if because like you said like the lobster man and these like gritty the gritty image of a working-class main person.
We all kind of have that in our heads as this archetype, but I have found that my experiences with the working class. I found growing up in New Jersey quite often people would say things where you'd be like that is wrong. Don't say that people, you know, you'd hear somebody in a bar or behind closed doors. They seem really close minded stuff.
But then more often than not when people actually meet other human beings are like that now nice nice person. Who cares? Yeah. Live your life like it's a very strange dichotomy, but I feel like quite often people at once when oh surprise surprise when people actually meet other people they stop judging them as much as when they're these theoretical people in their heads.
Yeah, and that's the thing. I like about kind of the air that we are growing up in is that you know, if you saw me guess you would not question them a lesbian. I I don't look very from I you if you saw our group The our house you would not question that we're all in a group of gays, but Is that mean wait?
What does that mean? If I saw your house I would know I would drive by and go a bunch of gay people live in that house. How can that happen?
I mean our house is bright purple and you know, my brother will constantly go outside to walk the dog and his sarong and said Sarang, you know, it comes out there mowing the lawn or fixing something in the garage. It's me. So, what was that?
In the beginning I heard something about a nipple tasselled Mormon. What was that?
Her brother's husband once almost answered the door wearing nipple tassels to a Mormon which should have honestly been the case. Yeah.
So missionary so Mormon missionaries were making their way through the neighborhood knocking on doors riding bikes and whatnot and they knock on the door and one of the members of your household is walking around in nipple tassels at the time.
I mean, he was working on a costume meet again. I'll ask so yeah, he was working on a costume for a drag show and it was a Disney themed show and there was a line item number. So obviously he had to be Zhong xue which is the lower House of his body was us do of course. Okay. Hey, the bill is my business now. Well, that's what he was working on when the Mormon answered or no way when the Mormon when a Mormon Missionary walks up the steps of a purple house and rings the doorbell and a guy wear nipple tassels up.
Do you think he just like takes a deep breath and cracks his knuckles and just thinks to himself. This is the greatest challenge of my young life.
I think if I remember the story, right my brother-in-law ended up just kind of walking up to the door expecting it to be like the FedEx guy or something and not really caring thing. It was someone who is going to be staying around for a while and then promptly hid until he went away. So, okay.
Okay. Okay. I hope that missionary calls the show someday. Hope that missionaries like I'm gonna make I'm that missionary. I remember that purple house. I saw a guy crouching in the shadows. He was dressed as Ozzy who I didn't know what was going on until right now.
Now let's talk about something as we mentioned gay marriage. I remember that in the lead-up to that fight when I was younger. One of the talking points that people who were against gay marriage would bring up was the idea of well, if we legal and in a way that I think is very unfair and that I think modern times. I almost immediately proved untrue of like gay marriage will open the door to heathenism, which I think is just is just an awful thing to say And I think already in modern times, you know in the past five or six years. It's like okay take a breath that's not the case.
But one of the things people would say is this is going to lead to all sorts of communal Holly sex Cults and that was a thing that people brought up as like a point against legalizing gay marriage. Do you think do you think poly real relationships should be legally recognized? Do you remember those times?
I mean, I don't think straight. People should be so much to judge because from what I've seen they really suck at marriage. Yeah, like let's look at the divorce rate between gay straight people and gay people. I know gay people have had a lot less time to make the marriages and make the mistakes and get divorced but you know status quo doesn't seem to be you know, working for everybody. So if everybody's happy and consenting then who gives a crap as long as everyone involved is a legal consenting adult you do you I'm with you not everybody is not imputed some people go no marriage, but I think you're right happy and I would prioritize happiness over tradition personally.
That's just me. I agree.
I agree with you. I also was like, what are the odds that you are going to find a person who fulfills all of your physical emotional mental needs and they like click with you a hundred and ten percent, but like you're more likely. To find a couple people who hit the right spots and there's nothing wrong with having more people you love in your life.
Like why you have a bunch of friends. You're not going to like break up with one friend because you got another friend the world is more complicated and beautiful than that.
It's a lovely thought and I think one of the important things to note too is like and if that's not it, I don't think that's a thing you're evangelizing. You're not you're not the missionary knocking other people's doors. That's what I don't get is like there's some people who do want to be monogamous. It makes them extraordinary Ali happy and that's beautiful and there's somebody that don't and if that's what gets them to a place of health and happiness more power together some people who don't want to have real romantic.
Nation ships and maybe that feels like it's on societal pressure because so much of life stories are built around romance. Maybe that's fine. If somebody doesn't want to ever act on those feelings. Whatever makes you happy. I'm into it.
There's anything I've learned in the years ago in this show. It's that people are out there looking to feel happy. You know, what might make you happy is products and services that enhance your life. We have those at our beck and call B are finite fertilizers check these out use the promo codes. We'll be right back.
I travel a lot as a true fact about me. I'm always on the road doing comedy shows doing live tapings Beautiful not I'm going to spend a lot of time in airports. I obsess over frequent flyer miles. You guys know this about me now. I'm also someone who needs medical care my mental health and I've been in a situation many times where I am in the city.
It's far from home and I need access to that care. This is why I'm so excited to tell you about tell her doc tell a doc gives you 24/7 access to your doctors doctors are board certified you In touch with them anytime anywhere. This is for non emergency conditions, of course, you know, like a sinus infection allergies flu rashes all these things you run into their board certified doctors can diagnose treat and prescribe medication when medically necessary to be delivered to the pharmacy of your choice tell a doc is available through most insurance or employers at $45 or less of visit want to tell the docs testimonial States.
I am an RN and I have little time for personal no issues. Let alone being sick while caring for the ill this service called me after setting up an account and requesting an MD visit in minutes. This service is actually amazing and I only wish I would have utilized it sooner download the app today or visit tella doc. Com stories to register today. So you're ready when you need a doctor's care or schedule a doctor visit today.
Don't forget to download the app or visit tala doc. Com stories.
Thanks for listening to the ads and thinking about supporting the show via those advertisers now, let's finish this conversation. That's fine. If somebody doesn't want to ever act on those feelings, whatever makes you happy I'm into it.
Yeah, this thing is is you know in the LGBT community what you're saying is just a you know, Common agreed-upon thought, you know, no one really debates whether or not as long as yeah, as long as everybody involved. Like I said is a happy consenting adults doing what they're doing then go right on ahead and if you know being a happy consenting alone adult makes you happy then go for it. It should be just as fine as if Find five people whom I love with all my heart and soul.
I don't think I will because that sounds like a lot of work, but that's a lot of balls in the air lot of energy.
Here's the one I've never interested. And this is a point other people have made but it really Rings true to me is that in in a culture that is very upset. You know, there are major portions of American society. They're very into the sanctity of marriage and I respect it. I respect it, but also one of the most popular ER television shows for many years running in this country is one where people compete to auction off a marriage when you think about the bachelor franchise its people on TV desperately wanting a marriage with someone who they met like 8 minutes ago. It's like how well that thing gets ya gajillions of viewers. So some of these people have to be the same people that are like marriage is sacred.
Anyway, let's tune into a commercial program about people treating it. A game show. It doesn't totally add up.
No doesn't add up. You're absolutely right and I mean double standard. It's an incredible double standard and if the bachelor was based upon a gay man finding a bunch of other gay men than doing the exact same thing. Those people who are marriage is sacred would be up in arms and demanding that show be canceled. But because it's a heterosexual couple they don't care.
I think you're right.
I think that is a huge double standard.
Yeah, and everyone's pretty and it's it's something that a lot of people want. They want marriage and Ation ships to be easy and pristine and everybody to be amazing and attractive and star-studded everything but like that's not reality. You have to discuss chores and how to train the dog and mortgage.
It's more difficult. But also nicer than the whole like shiny rigmarole. Everything must be perfect and pristine because when you actually live with somebody Not going to be in a ball gown 24/7 with hair done and makeup done is not reality.
See that's why I feel like you're beautiful. Wait. What was that?
Did you just say you're beautiful and I just and I love oh, there's active flirting going on and I talked over it classic gethard.
Sitting here in our pajamas neither of us Howard yesterday, but she still beautiful and I love her a lot of you and your core your pants. Yes Corgi pants.
I do I have Corgi pajama pants on right now.
That's good. That's a good phrase. That feels good. That's like a good thing to say everybody listening. Just say that out loud. It's fun to say Corgi pants. It's a pretty fun thing to say Fergie Pepsi.
I don't I don't fundamentally.
There's nothing about me that disagrees with your lifestyle like it it like hearing you guys. It doesn't sound this doesn't sound like some effort to you know, like you said like the demonized vision of LGBT people like not being able to settle down it sounds like a really Rational thought out thing that you guys are totally comfortable with it into I don't think I could do it just because I'd be I'm so tired all the time.
I can't imagine.
I'm just glad you got you know, you do have two people who you love with all your heart and soul. One of them is just your son. Yeah.
Yeah, that's true. But I even think about I'm like, I'm not nervous. I'm like a nervous anxious balding man. I don't think polyamory is is totally built for people cut from my cloth. I don't know absolutely.
Just people what's that old highly anxious people they were both highly anxious but like that also drives us to communicate more and communicating more just leads to less stress because I don't have to worry about so is she like flirting with someone at work behind my back? No, because if I see somebody who's super cute at my work, I'll be like hey, I saw someone super cute in my work today and she'll say oh boy girl boy girl.
So you guys flirt with boys he does. I'm by wow. Also, I apologize. I keep saying you guys and I haven't asked if that's an okay thing. I always just say that as in like I grew up in Jersey. So everybody's like hey, what's up guys? I don't know if that you're fine. I'm glad I find it only took me 45 minutes to check in about that and saying it like 11 times.
So one of you will also date boys.
I'm interested in boys boys a pretty nice, you know, most of them not so much but like there are enough points out there to catch my eye.
That's cool. Did you it was was it was there ever a stretch where you were dating boys exclusively.
I mean, I only really dated two people before this. So I guess technically yes because they were both men, but I'm the first to lot of things for her. So yeah, like I had high school relationship which didn't last very long College relationship which didn't last very long and then you at the end of year one of college.
So yeah, yeah.
Like I said the beginning she was supposed to be a slang. We're supposed to hook up for a couple of weeks and then never talk to each other again and yet here we are. I mean you also broke to Vermont for me. So I'm not going to let you go after that talk to her mom from where she was a camp counselor in Vermont for a few years and including the first summer that we were dating. So I took as an as an excuse to get a hotel room and go see her for 24 hours. Yeah, because my my brakes my days all four three two.
For our days the whole summer except for like beginning and end obviously, but I had 24 hours off and she drove so far for me just for those 24 hours. Like I said, I kind of like her that's cool.
Let me ask you this you had mentioned there might be times where one of you will get a phone call. That's like hey, I'm thinking to bring in somebody home. So if you could you could stick to the couch tonight. I'm going to take the bed. I'll change the sheets. I believe that was close. Those close to a quote or you said what's it? Like for those other people are there tuck like are there times where you'll pick up a guy and be like, hey come back to my place and then you're driving in psyche also, just so you know, you're gonna have to say hi to my future wife on the way. Like are there any more conversations like that?
That's kind of why it usually ends up only working out with us with people who we like know and our friends with ahead of time because we can kind of explain the situation before the flirting begin. No, and you don't nobody get to the couch usually sorry for the discretion. But there we all share the bed.
Yeah. Okay. Okay. So so your brother's not necessarily only throuple situation you guys will occasionally have there will be some shared experiences as well. Yeah.
I mean there's this like a long-term committed relationship of bubble butt like for us, it's occasional Global.
Mmm-hmm.
And at the opposite if we find someone that we both like that, you know wants to do this is both of us than cool will be in a purple to but if not, like I said, it's push came to shove. I'll sit with her.
and then you there's a cat together.
Well, that's binding and the dog that well that's that's double binding right there.
Hmm, so then so you'll bring somebody home. You guys are have a night of passion.
And then you wake up in the morning and it's like all right, who's cooking the French toast that type of thing just like a normal she doesn't like myself more often than not eggs.
But yeah. I mean you met selasa is so true. What else can I ask for one of us makes coffee one of us make breakfast and then the third person just eventually is like hey, I think I'm going to split and you guys are like cool.
Talk to you soon. No, I'm good.
Yeah, let us know when you get home safe.
How can you not like French toast? It's delicious. I say the same thing.
I'm sorry. I just haven't had good french toast yet. Get a thick kind of the challah bread you drown it and see it up put a little butter on it.
Later. Let it melt right in there and get that syrup rolling over the side starting at sit. This is starting to sound like one of my old English muffin dad's starting to sound like an Old English muffin head right here.
I miss those English muffin as man.
I still think about you every time I walk by the pond with a single season two, we got to reach out to these Thomas English Muffins people and let them know that it was the most wildly successful and run maybe in the history of I've certainly of this show little I feel like if they understood the way our audience flipped because they didn't have a promo code as the thing.
Couldn't track it, but I think if they realized that many thousands of people were like fuck. Yeah who knew that English muffins were a sensual Beast of her breakfast food, they'd be three people made a recording from one of your listeners saying that I didn't really eat English muffins until you started talking about Thomas English Muffins.
And then one day I just had a mad craving after listening to beautiful autonomous.
Look at that. Look at that. My my my strangely strangely. Sensual English muffin ad reads appealed to you someone who's a very open with both your sensuality and sexuality. Look at that exactly. What Thomas was paying for. Let's get back on board Thomas English Muffins. It's time. It's time somebody reach out to Thomas himself.
Somebody needs to reach out the Thomasville. Hey, Tom, Tommy Boy, let's get it rolling and game.
Anyway, I like this. I like that we can talk about the culture of you guys sharing your love dividing it up in ways that many people wouldn't view as completely traditional and then we can also just joke about English muffins, too.
Yeah. No, I mean I I love my relationship with her. I you know, if I could only be with one person forever. I would want to be with her but at the same time jealousy doesn't seem to be a thing that bothers either of us and I you know, love other people too. There are other people out in the world to some of whom I haven't even met yet. Who I might also think are amazing now. Is there any is there any part of either of you that?
That is thinking to yourselves, you know at the end of the day. We're in our 20s were young we got together when we were quite young. Let's soar while dopes oats and there's an assumption that maybe down the line we will settle down. It's something that resembles more traditional monogamy or is it? No, this is a lifestyle that we feel like is embedded in us.
I think both are valid be somewhat non-monogamous. We may not, you know date as you know, freely as we have been especially if like someday kids are The picture or something, but like I don't think they'll always anybody ever be a part where we're like, no, you're not allowed to have feelings for another person or no. You're not allowed to think that other person is attractive.
But also you have to take life kind of with a grain of salt because like you're not going to be the same person in seven years regardless of where you are right now people change all the time. Like that's just life is change is constant. So I don't know if we're going to be non-monogamous or monogamous and seven years cuz we're not going to be the same people we are now and that's fine. That's just how life works a lot of other things are going to change in the world in seven years. So who really knows you got to enjoy it now and I'll tell you what before what does it could have been any number of things that you just said?
I said climate change. But yeah, you're right. It could be anything.
So yeah, there's so many looming threats so many looming threats. I'll tell you this. Here's what's going to slow down your poly lifestyle about 10 11 12 years for the both of you going to be getting closer to my age and going to be like my knees hurt everyday my back. I don't want to go out dancing.
You're gonna be like, I don't want to go to a bar. I want to stay home and watch British Bake Off. It's just you're gonna just be tired. You're going to be tired and physically hurting him. I could think we're done with the poly things because I don't have the energy to go out and pick anybody else up that's gonna happen to need to be the only way that you pick people off.
You can have them over for you can have people over for game nights and just chill around your house. And when you have a cute cat and dog that makes itself a lot easier like, you know have to pick people up exclusively by going doing vigorous activities. I mean Journeys already hurt and you're back already heard. Yeah, so you're saying that I already have scoliosis. So my back hurts all the time fair look at that.
You've trumped yet. Another one of my stereotypes circumventing yet. Another one of my assumptions young people can have bad backs to I thought it was only in your mid-30s that you start to have chronic lingering low-level back pain. No, you can have it in your youth as well. Yeah, you have to be so fun.
I don't wish it on anyone putting 50 pounds of books in a backpack. Making children lug it around has no consequences at all.
Wait, what? Why did you force children until member?
In high school, you know, you'll see it when you're in his middle school and very like 17 books and I was that kid.
I was like 5 feet tall and then had my backpack dragging on the ground behind me. I was that guy I was that guy just papers only through all of them because she had one of those wheel behind backpacks, but she's the only one of us who doesn't have back pain now, so But what she just relentlessly taunted and tormented for having the nerdy backpack.
Oh absolutely, but it didn't stop her and now all of us are suffering and she's just like, haha and she just like climbs a mountain and doesn't hurt when she's done.
I feel like by the time my kids in school. He's going to have an iPad and that's it and he'll be able to just physically be free forever or maybe there will be some sort of knowledge chips that just get embedded into children's brains. So they contain all human knowledge at they Sickly are all living breathing Wikipedia's maybe there'll be that by then.
That sounds like a nightmare honestly. Oh, yeah. Okay just go pee hole but I'm even right up there where we're going our way there so that we're well on our way to gaze of that's it gathered the gays get married next thing your kid gets a chip embedded in his head.
So that's what they would say.
That's what they were saying exactly day the next thing, you know, if we allow gay marriage next thing, you know, I'll be cyborgs and then it'll be like Terminator.
And we'll have to travel back in time to correct this love to travel back in time because there will be liquid metal men who can make knives out of their forearms and then we're gonna have to travel back in time and say no no more K marriage because the cybernetic implants went awry man who has nothing to do with us in the street people are doing their own nonsense.
That Mormon man could have saved us all of you just got my brother-in-law to take off the nipple tassels. Who knows?
Here's the other thing. Like I've talked to enough more people can be pretty chill to we're making jokes about the Mormons but not a bunch of cool Mormons in my life. I did some shows in Salt Lake City and I I assumed that is going to be stuffy crowds were wild scribes were wild and a lot of beautiful. Anonymous fans came out in Salt Lake City.
I sit here with this preconception all this going to be an uphill climb because I'm New York comedian and I'll put some stuff out there is like no they were they were down. They were ready to rock. Have fun.
What's that?
It helps that you're funny. So I do my best.
I mean, I'm also an emo boy who makes people cry consistent. I consistently get people coming up to me at shows. It's like I love your comedy. I watched your special and it made me cry like what?
Yeah what one of these things the other but okay. Yeah. I mean being an emo boy people cry tends to be financially lucrative. So, I don't know comedy comedy.
You're supposed to be tough and PC is the enemy that's in comedy. And then I'm like a I'm like a the other human beings. I'd like to think so but in the world comedy, I'm tired of this very soft by some very soft by some of them. Like, I don't know just trying to be thoughtful person who's respectful of others.
God forbid woman.
He's my favorite kind of Comedy. What's that? You are hilarious make your kind of Comedy is my favorite kind of Comedy. You are honey, you make poignant good points, but you aren't making jokes that People's expense except for maybe your own and every once in a while the rest of the Irish Catholics in this world, but you get that.
Yeah, but if you're only jokes are just cheap shot that other people that have been said before that's not really comedy. That's just mean being a jerk.
Well, it's funny because I actually, you know, there are some I feel like a lot of my heroes in comedy said some super risky things and some things that are probably over the line, but they did it for a larger point and they were also willing to stand up and take the aces of those actions it meant that they didn't get to do as much mainstream stuff. It meant that a lot of people were turned off by them.
And that's the thing. I don't get is that a lot of the people in this world Comedians and otherwise who are so into saying that political correctness is a bad thing right now. They actually tend to be the ones who want to say Politically Incorrect things which actually support I'm like the ACLU like I don't love what you say, but I am a comedian comedians are public speakers who take risks, so I defend your To try stuff, but if it goes awry or you crossed some lines you can't then you can't then just like moan and whine about it when people get mad at you you aren't you you took the risk and that's that's sometimes what you have to deal with so you can't get mad at people for thing. You said you had left the chance. It didn't work out. No Own It Anyway.
I tell you I did a show at Bowdoin College. And I believe I flew into Portland. That's the one closest to beaudoin, right?
Yeah, you need a phone to Portland and Bangor. So I think I went to Portland and there was a bar that served fancy sodas and I was so happy because I don't drink alcohol, but I got to go to a bar and actually drink fancy sodas.
Can I just say something since I have like, you know an audience that you've acquired? I don't know if I'm the first Manor you've ever talked to you but for everyone who's listening it is the city is pronounced Bangor be a NGO are Stephen King lives in Bangor not Banger that banger. Thank you. Not banjo or Bangor.
No one says bonjour. There's no one who's ever said baby.
So many people ask. How do you get to ban your Come on, we got 10 seconds left, and this is how we're ending the Revelation that there's people in this world who say bangs or that's I can't believe that you don't hear it. You know, you don't deal with tourist season gathered you don't deal with Dora season in New York City.
We don't have tourists here, right?
Listen.
It was great to talk to you continue. Loving each other and anyone else you might choose to love.
Thanks Catherine. Thanks for talking to us. Thanks for doing this whole thing and giving people a platform do my best.
Thank you for talking to me.
I want to thank our callers and filling Us in on their life both as a couple and a polyamorous couple and as residents of Southern Maine, which I did not know was as open and liberal places. It was thanks for correcting my stereotypical thoughts that main is nothing but Gruff fishermen and Lumberjacks and I wish you nothing but the best thank you Jared O'Connor Harry Nelson in the book go to Chris get dot-coms one no more. Stop me download all the music you can find some Shell Shack that wonderful people you like the show. Go to Apple podcast rate. If you subscribe. It really helps me do talk to you next time.
Next time on beautiful Anonymous there's a lot of people in the world with daddy issues, but this person really makes sense.
They had identified my father as this other Mexican dude who killed a whole bunch of people in Mexico and my dad never grew up in Mexico. He grew up in New Mexico.
So they were like tapping our phones and like like watching our house and didn't really know this until the day they like battery rammed our door and like arrested my father. Yes. Yeah, yeah.
That's just happened. I did not think do they think he was someone involved in like the gang killings or what? Did they think he was a serial killer?
That's next time on beautiful anonymous.
In her work as a community organizer, this caller loves listening to other peoples stories and asking tough questions. She tells her story and it includes a lot of struggles particularly with her father and his alcoholism including things like a warrant for murder and being surveilled by the State Police. This episode is brought to you by Morgan & Morgan (www.forthepeople.com/stories), Teladoc (www.teladoc.com/stories), Joybird (www.joybird.com/beautiful25), and Aura Frames (www.auraframes.com/stories).
READ LESS
Hello to everybody who regards damn as a curse word 1 hour phone call.
No names no old everybody Chris gethard here.
Welcome to beautiful Anonymous couple things to announce. Don't get that fast forward button just yet save the date. My friends after many many jokes May 14 for 17th, Brooklyn New York, beautiful calm animus is happening. It starts off with the the pre-show May 14 for screening contact at the Alamo Drafthouse. And then three days of the Bell has live calls deep past collars all sorts of crazy stuff and a lot of Comedy My Music it's gonna be really fun and I'll plug it again when we get closer to But I keep your eyes peeled join that Facebook group. If you want the immediate alert on one tickets go on sale.
It's gonna be real good time also want to remind you that on Stitcher premium. We got beautiful follow-ups happening every Friday use the code stories you get a free month. All of them have been fascinating hear from former College one of them in this round. I'm telling you we recruited one that is so epic that you're not going to believe it and you'll hear more about that when it comes out.
That's all right. This week's call it really Shook Me Up. Man, really shook me up. I'm telling you you're going to hear about this call or childhood. There's so many things we're going to here and go. Oh, wow. That sounds rough. Oh, that sounds rough to wow, that would have messed me and it's just you can tell this is one of these people who just got handed a you know a hand in life of it's just like wow, man, why do some people have to deal with so much stuff?
And then you realize that after taking it on the chin? She still just standing fighting through it making something out of herself and it's so commendable. I do want to apologize there stretches of this where I felt like maybe I made it too much about me, but I had a very very eerie experience because you guys have all heard in a lot of my work. I've been very honest that I have some some mental struggles and it has been rare in my life that I've heard. Someone Express their feelings about it in a way that rank. So true to me and it messed with me mess with me at got my head.
I Yeah, I'm still kind of out of it was I have to say if it felt both like jarring and and and in a way kind of less lonely to hear like, oh, wow your reactions to things kind of echo mine my darkest days and the caller gave me that gift and I thank her for it. And I think a lot of people are going to get something out of this one. It's gonna be a lot of empathy lot of sympathy and I hope I hope this one Rings true to you as well.
Thank you for calling beautiful Anonymous a beeping noise will indicate when you are on the show with the host.
Just hello.
Hi.
Okay, this one already feels like secretive and mysterious to me feel like we're both being kind of guarded.
I actually just left therapy talking about that about how very guarded really yeah.
Look at that look at that and then I nailed it.
I have to really put your superpowers to work today.
Wow, that's a nice to use.
Also my best friend. Just texted me. Oh my God, that's the guy from Broad City.
I'm just happy when anyone knows who I am. I'm just happy that put anyone has heard of me. Not really. Actually, I'm not happy about that anymore. I want some privacy back if I don't know. Anyway, it's not about me Hi, how are you?
I'm okay at home sick from work, very nervous nervous laughter as you can tell.
Well, no need to be nervous about me. I'm I'm fine with whatever happens.
We're good.
I know I've listened to your show many times and many people have said that and you said very similar thing. I think it's just a different one you on the other end.
I hear you and I'm sorry to be so repetitive. I'm sorry, too. Let's try to shake things up moving forward.
Thank you for the constructive criticism.
Oh goodness. I didn't mean to criticize.
So one thing that we have a little bit in common is that I spend a lot of my days listening to people talk about their story.
Three houses, I think I do community organizing work and a big part of the work that I do is meeting with people and really meeting them where they're at in hearing about all the things that I love Leah political and social and economic systems have put them through and yeah, like building a building long-term deep relationships in the community. It is I organized and so when I first heard about your podcast, I was immediately attracted to it because I have his sleeve. I love listening to people's stories.
But also people think it's weird my type of organizing the organizing model that I use and asking people tough and hard questions about themselves and it was cool to see that there's so many people out there who really, you know want to tell their stories and it's not weird normalized it for me little bit.
That's cool.
Happy to help and some some small way when you say community organizing. I think that that sounds like a very Noble thing. It's that's very hard because I would imagine if you're on a like in the trenches grass root level organizing people and talking to them. This means that these are people who are put upon or marginalized in some way.
Yeah, a lot of the times and other times it's also just regular as people who sorry Sally also at the top. I want to just very much apologize to your mother because I have them off the sealer.
I mean you said yes various is not bad my I don't even think my mom would care about us.
But I'm sure there will be more worse words that come on my mouth.
But yeah, I think it's a really beautiful thing and I think your podcast has also brought this out. Is that like there are just like we don't want our ability as hard for our culture in general. And so I do I organize people who have been through it has been through a lot who are very marginalized and I also organize people who have it and really People like connect, you know part of what keeps us separate is that we don't actually get to know one another and I think that's what helps racism continue and sexism continue and all of these isms continue is that we don't find common ground with one another often.
And so part of my job is to sort of politicize people's experiences for them like white dudes if you had, you know experiences in your life, which most white dudes have of being You know affected by other men putting you down for the way you look or the way that you present for being called feminine, you know, all of those things. It's part of my job is to politicize for them that that's part of patriarchy and that patriarchy hurts them. And yeah, so it's both people who've been very marginalized and people who may have some some real privilege you need to see that they need to put their privilege into action.
You don't really hear Too Many. No fighting on behalf of white dudes these days.
Well, I will put all that up fighting on behalf of white dudes. I would like to fight alongside white dudes who want to fight for the same shit that I'm fighting for that makes more sense.
Yeah, I don't there's not too many. Although I should say there. There are some groups out there mostly that you find on corners of the internet that are like definitely like white dudes gotta you gotta you night and that's it. Sounds like that's quite different than what you're doing.
It is very different from what I'm doing, but I would posit the saying that if we want to build a more cohesive and just society that it's not helpful to always say that white dudes are all bad. And that's the problem and I think that that, you know siloing and criticism leaves a lot of space for people to create.
Yeah, like these enclaves of really tourville terrible.
Groups of people so I will just stay there.
Thank you for saying that because I'd like to think that my reputation is that pretty sensitive white dude and do my best to try to use my work to help understand other people's stories and help spread their stories. And then sometimes I see you do sometimes see people put stuff out there. Like I had a I once had a conversation with One is a really good friend of mine.
Who? I won't say too much but someone I was very close with who's very very feminist, which I respect who put on Facebook just a nut status that just said all white men should die and I understood that on some level. It's a joke, but there's also like a part we had a conversation where I was like, how am I supposed to feel?
Like I am out, how am I supposed to feel like I'm allowed to even help. If all white men should die like how this is making it hard for me to even understand how to Try to be a part of things in a positive way because it's just so harsh and I understand it's a joke, but on some level it does make me feel like whoa. Like, how do I you did just say I should die like they did just read those words joking or not stuff.
Yeah.
Yeah, I mean, you know rage is real true and Justified and rages other women of color feeling that rage. Yeah.
Absolutely. I got it. I got it. I do get it. I'll say I do get it but it was just hard to hard to understand emotionally of like, well should I even like like you said using your privilege to towards good it almost feels like well as even that productive when it hits that point am I helping am I out?
Help people want but I like what you're saying. And I've now I've now made it too much about me. I apologize.
You could make it.
Now. How does one get into this line of work? Because this sap this sounds like a if I make make some assumptions this sounds like it can be difficult work at times. It sounds like it could be emotionally trying work at times or someone who just mentioned therapy. So I would imagine that this is a sacrifice where you might be putting yourself through a lot.
I don't know that work like this has a reputation for making people millionaires Don't Fence don't want to assume All of the assumptions are very correct very hard and trying work got to work really hard to make any money at it.
But from you that's not really what it's about because about out changing the world from was it is what it should be but your original question. How did I get into it?
So I guess the easiest way to say it is to college but that is easily worth it.
So when I was in college occupy Occupy Movement was starting to grow and build and I am one of the people whose family my family lost our home in the Foreclosure crisis my yeah, we lost our home when I was 16 shortly after my mom had passed away from cancer and kind of you know from 15 until the time.
I got involved in the political world. It was like very very angry and rageful and didn't really know why and this was like, you know, the first occupy March I went to was like the first time that I had ever felt the Like safe enough to raise my voice and like safe enough to be angry outwardly with others and it also sort of gave me a frame of, you know, a framework of putting my life experiences into perspective. Like it wasn't just my parents who were my parents worked. So goddamn hard like sorry Sally.
My mom was a waitress and my dad was a construction worker and built. Homes and like you know, there's this narrative that if you lose your home, it's because you didn't work hard enough because you are lazy and because you should have done X y&z differently. And that was where I was out with my dad and it sort of gave me a little bit of Liberation to be like wait like my parents actually like really struggled my entire life to afford their home. Like my parents went into bankruptcy. They like had to file for or refinance their home a bunch of and like, you know when you're a kid and you hear that, you don't really know what it means until it's put into perspective and so like a year after my parents home was foreclosed on one of my one of my neighbors actually bought it for like nothing like less than what my parents out on it and it just like really framed for me like, you know being a part of this movement that saying like, you know, our political officials like they sold out our families and then they you know, bailed out the banks like a put in perspective to me about like how much the system is rigged for a certain type of person and that a mixed-race family like mine working-class family, you know, we're lucky to get And the system so I have been fighting ever since that moment.
Really. Sorry. You went through all that. I mean to have that all happen in the same era where your mom passed away, which I'm really sorry about that must I mean That stretch of life would put a lot of anger in any young person. That'll make you want to go hang out at Wall Street and throw a brick through the window Goldman Sachs. That's for sure.
Well, I wasn't doing that.
Yeah, but that really yeah, I bet that's only because you couldn't even get to New York at the time, correct. Do you have any siblings?
Yeah, I have two older siblings other sister.
Esther And your mom so I'm just trying to do the math here because I don't know how old you are. So your mom passed away after all the house stuff or during or before before my mom passed like a year before.
The house is foreclosed on 10 like my dad.
My dad had already. He was already screwed. Like my my mom did everything like my mom did all the finances. She knew like my dad wasn't like your typical machismo. Like I'm never going to do the dishes like my dad did dishes and like did what you would call domestic work, but my mother liked it all of the other parts of emotional labor that are I think are forgotten by a lot of people in terms of relationships like, you know, managing finances and managing the calendar and you know, just like the day-to-day operations of a family and my dad sort of like refused to and I think part of part because he didn't want to lose his wife, but you know, the other part was You know, my father was an alcoholic and you know, I think struggled to.
B a full-fledged adult most of the time. So yeah, like essentially the reason why I said this just because after my mom had passed the sort of like I kind of had to take on that role of being the caretaker the manager and you know, really how to start taking care of my dad who was involved in Yeah, my dad early in my life was in and out of jail for drinking and driving too many times and my whole life. He didn't have a license because he was he had a warrant out for his arrest and do want to go back to jail.
And so like once my mom had died it was like like a he had to drive over I was still in high school. I couldn't take care of him all of the time do all of the things and he got caught driving and then like yeah, like it just everything got fucked from there. He lost his job.
And once he lost his job, like that's the only thing he's ever known. He stopped going to school and he was 10 or 11 to help his mom and he's only ever known construction work. And so he was just like in this deep depression and didn't really know how to cope and didn't really know what to do. And so yeah, we just kind of Of put them on a train back to New Mexico and which is where he's from and send it for ourselves. Really.
Wow. That's brutal.
I saw that he was already working in an industry where I mean, he's working in construction around the time of the housing crisis. Your house is foreclosed on and it's also an industry that completely dries up around that time to that is a that's hard. That's hard.
And I'm not obviously you hear about drinking and driving and stuff and there it's hard and you know this there's not not much sympathy on that side of things but it's hard not to feel like well if you Jesus man, you lose your wife, you got three kids you're prone to drinking and you're in an industry that dries up like oh my God, that's that's all really hard stretch for all of your family, huh?
yeah, and like part of of so part of the that part of the reason why he was even in the first place involved in this like so he got caught essentially so my father is Mexican and he had had this morning out for his arrest my entire life, but he never got caught because he didn't drive like my mom drove me everywhere and then in 2010, I like mm or 2001 somewhere around there.
We were being surveilled by the state troopers like the state police because they had identified my father as this other Mexican dude who killed a whole bunch of people in Mexico and my dad never grew up in New Mexico. He grew up in New Mexico.
So they were like tapping our phones. And like like watching our house and we didn't really know this until the day they like battery rammed our door and like arrested my father. Yes, let's pause because that is clearly a certifiable undeniable a plus Cliffhanger right there.
That's that's a game changer and tell you it is the when this conversation. It's going your I think it gives unbelievable the specifics everything. We just heard about so definitely keep listening on the other side of the advertisements for that. In the meantime, check out everybody sponsors the show they got promo codes for the things they're selling and if you use those promo codes it helps out a lot be back in just a minute.
We all know making small changes can be really positive. Can I have a healthy effect on your lifestyle the right towel turns a bathroom into a spa you can make all these upgrades with Brooklyn and you know Brooklyn and as the internet's favorite sheets, but they're also home to betting loungewear towels and more with over 50,000 plus five star reviews and Counting now, they have everything for Life Essentials shower curtains bath mats robes totes.
Final details that help you make a big upgrade just this very morning. I stepped out of the shower and I stepped onto a Brooklyn and bath mat and it felt good under my feet to the degree that I noticed. I hadn't realized it was the Brooklyn and one that was out. And before I even look down I said, that's Brooklyn and right there then I grabbed myself a whole Good Old Brooklyn and towel and I dried myself off and I felt great about it is it's thick its fluffy. It works. I love it love my Brooklyn and stuff high quality stuff. You can hear my voice.
This is real Brooklyn. Com. It's the perfect place to start making small changes that make big differences Brooklyn and so confident in their product that all their sheets comforters loungewear and towels come with a lifetime warranty. So go on make yourself comfortable get 10% off your first order and free shipping when you use the promo code stories only at Brooklyn and. Com. That's be Roo kli any n. Com promo code stories and how New Yorkers if you're listening you can get the internet's favorite sheets in real life. Visit Brooklyn its first store in Brooklyn at 127 Kent Evan, Williamsburg, Brooklyn. Glenn and everything you need to live your most comfortable life.
There's no one-size-fits-all way to meet your goals. You'll want a sustainable way to make a lasting change. Try talk space. I think talk space is totally on target with that phrase. There's not a one-size-fits-all way to meet your goals mental health very very important to take care of it. It's becoming less stigmatized over the years. I am so excited about that. I've talked very publicly and I'm extraordinarily proud of that and to see that there are modern Services offering a way to me. Help with your mental health and a modern way.
What a beautiful thing talk space is the most convenient and affordable way to get the support of a licensed therapist match with one of over 5,000 therapist based on your preferences from the privacy of your device then start messaging with your therapist the very same day via text audio picture or video.
It's like a personal trainer for your life and you never need to go to an office or schedule appointments and you'll have the dedicated support system. You need to achieve your goals one step. The time start 2020 off strong with talk space. It's the support. You need to help achieve your goals at a price you can afford and you can get $100 off your first month when you use code beautiful to sign up. Don't wait for another year to go by no matter what 2019 was like set yourself up for success in 2020 match with your perfect therapist today at talk space. Com or download the mobile app, and don't forget to use code beautiful for $100 off your first month that stock space. Com promo code. Beautiful Thanks to all of our advertisers and now let's get back to this conversation didn't really know this until the day they like battery rammed our door when like arrested my father.
Yes.
Yeah. Yeah, that's just happened.
I did not to wait today was was this did they think he was it like a they did they think he was someone involved in like A gang killings or what?
Did they think he was a serial killer Ike I don't I don't remember the details of that but I like about who the person they were looking for is or what he did but it was like it was definitely killed somebody some people and yeah.
and so they identified my father is that man until and they like paraded him around up I grew up in a very white Community my they paraded him around like literally took him to a shopping center like made him take off his shirt and like examined his tattoos and his scars and like they did all of this before they actually took him to the police station to get imprinted and like my father at that point in his life was like You know, you will respect you respect authority and like cuz he had been you know, he'd been in jail a couple times.
And so it was just like this really surreal moment of seeing like this big scary guy who is my father who's like, you know, so strong in this and that like being pushed around and made to feel small.
But yeah, so they found out that it wasn't him. But then they found out that he did have a warrant out for his arrest for not.
Going to court for has you know last arrest for drinking and driving and so this is my mom was sick with cancer and they had to pay for a lawyer and go through all this shit in order for him to like not have to go to jail because if you went to jail like while my mom was going through chemo and radiation like I have no idea what would have happened to me to be quite Honest, I was still pretty young so the court like luckily like gave him some Grace and they ended up he ended up having to pay a bunch of vines and like do like some sort of amount of community service and then once he got caught once my mom died and then he got caught again driving after she died. It was like he was going to jail because he did what he was supposed to do.
that Isn't that is an epic story?
And it's yeah, it's not ideal to be a central figure in that story. Wow. Wow, you gotten through a lot. Would you would you say?
Because it's a you've been very fair and you've been very open and it sounds like sounds like your dad.
Has a bit of a past and maybe a bit of a dark side. I don't want to assume. Or some flaws. I don't know. I'm not judging but do you feel I would admit defeat I find myself. How should I say? I'm sorry. I'm stammering because it's so much information, but I'm finding myself. I'm finding myself feeling like it.
This is he's something of a tragic figure, huh?
Yeah very very much and like I like there's such a My dad is very flawed.
You know alcohol is something that that made my father mean so like a lot of my life. Like I saw that part of my father.
But I also saw the by sober father and especially because my mom works nights for most of my life. She actually worked at a restaurant at night and still like my dad was my caretaker. Oh my God also was like, you know, he'd be laid off because of weather because he built houses and we can't really work when it's Sub-Zero freezing and call that all we can but using Union so they actually gave a shit about that.
So like I spent a lot of time with my dad and what's really really like. Like, you know for lack of a better word, like I was a daddy's girl and then once I was old enough to really see.
See alcoholism for what it was.
It was just really Automotive. Like it's all like its own special grief for like like have consciousness of all like this is a different person. You know that I see after.
A certain time of the day day and like balancing those two things like, you know my whole life I've had to Balance like the extreme amount of love that I feel for him with the extreme amount of anger. I feel for him.
And also, you know the political aspects of it all which is that he's a Mexican man who grew up in a world that really isn't set up for him to win started drinking and smoking and doing drugs when he was like 11. Even even before then probably, you know, so I'd have to imagine that.
This relationship must in some ways be sort of like the defining relationship of your life, too.
Yeah, yeah for sure.
How do you think it made you who you are for better or worse? Because I have to admit that like that is a you are describing a life. We're doing many of your formative years. You didn't you didn't have the foundation that I think people would want for any kid and that's so hard. So who are you today?
How did this help get you there?
Yeah.
I mean, I think I'm incredibly empathetic like it's like like I think it can be a fault of mine.
Like it's a good thing but it also could be to a fault right? Like I see the good in people until it's like very much proven wrong to the point where sometimes I got hurt.
And I'm like, I think just like years of watching shitty things happen. Like I just don't want shitty things to happen to other people and that's like part of why I fight and yeah.
Yeah, I don't know you're going to have to pry a little more.
I think certainly I mean if you're giving me permission, yeah, it's not something I would just put upon people but if you're saying hey get out the Crowbar and try to crack this case try to crack this one open. I'm happy to try but yeah, I get it I get why you want to get into communities and help I get it.
I mean on a basic level.
It sounds to me like you're going you're going into communities where people Need are kind of forced to fight for themselves and you're there to try to help assist. That sounds like you're maybe going into communities where like you said this was a system where your dad will this was not a system design for your dad to win.
So it definitely makes sense that you'd go into a field where you go into communities where it's not built for those people to win and you try to help turn the tides on that out. Imagine a lot of the altruistic aspects of what you're doing are a reaction to the unfairness of what you grew up with.
Yeah, 100% I would say that as well.
You're pretty chill for pattern really stubborn Africa. It's starting to come out now. I'm just gonna say some blunt. Tell me if I'm right or wrong. You're pretty chill on the phone for someone who has a lot of justifiable rage inside. You true or false.
True true true there must be a part of you that your base level kind of starts with and again, sorry Sally. Oh that's adorable. You've said sorry Sally where I think you've said ass and damn and said sorry Sally. You're like, I'm sorry. I'm such a potty mouth, but it sounds to me like your base level might be a very quiet.
Fuck the world, man. Let's try to change it.
Yeah, 100% you pissed off.
You're like super nice on the phone, but you're pissed off and I get why I get why well, and they've been like there have been ways in my like I've grown so there's like, you know, there have been many many times in my life where I've liked.
Like, you know, I think part of Part of how screwed up our like Society is is that you know, we get taught especially women gets hot that we can't be Chris a how we feel or like Express big emotion and so Salud thank you so much. So sorry about that.
So I think part of that has like come out for me and really unfortunate ways and sometimes you know, like I think I'm I don't think I know that I have also struggled with like consumption when I'm Really stressed or in the parts of my life when I didn't have a therapist or like a good support system.
But yeah, I don't know people often say this like you're very calm for. For your I don't really see that like it's hard for me to see that like I have a two-year-old and like sometimes people come to me and I like you're so patient and I'm like literally inside of my body right now is like 10,000 nerves going off being like I fucking hate this I fucking hate this sorry Sally.
There you go that earns a site like that. That one makes it not damn.
Yeah, so it's hard for me to see that like I don't see myself the way other people see me. I think I really ever have well, that's the thing right?
That's the thing is the more you get real world experience and look I work in entertainment. I've had a little success. I got cushy life now, but I did grow up in North Jersey and one thing you learn is when you're in these situations where people are trying to act tough and they're trying to put on a show and act scary.
They're not usually the ones you got to worry about. The one you got to worry about is the person who's just like kind of sit in silent in the corner steely-eyed taking it all in that's the person who really really the person who's keeping all those thoughts in their head about all the anger and the Injustice and now it's push me a little bit further and it might be go time. Those are the those are the real deal people and I think you Might be one of those.
Yeah, I think I am one of those you mentioned consumption at was that I took that to mean maybe maybe booze and drugs and some of the other stuff that you saw growing up. Yeah, that's rough.
That's scary and facts. I'll say that too. I don't think I've ever said that but this is anonymous and anybody who has assumed this guy knows plant but I think sex is part of that and I don't think Often gets talked about especially by women about a way to cope.
Yeah, and I have to imagine two in a you know, it's such a reductive phrase but You mentioned you were Daddy's girl. There's the whole phrase daddy issues and I'd have to imagine if you feel like a sense of Abandonment. Well, if you feel like a sense of Abandonment, you feel a sense of foundationless than yes X is going to feel like this, you know, I've been there too in the sense that it can feel like a very validating intense dopamine driven connection with another human being and at the end of the day that dopamine can be a drug and you can crave it and seek it out.
And then just like other substances when the high goes away. You gotta chase it even harder, right? You got it. If it's the thing that makes you feel good. Sometimes you gotta do it and I get it I get you know people go down these roads that become riskier or more ill-advised Behavior because you're just chasing just want you know, depending on the experience either that that you know, I want that night in my life that feels connected and go or maybe maybe you're with a lovers and it's like I want that 90 seconds that you know, it's person can't kid.
I'm kidding. I'm kidding.
Should I get it? No, I think for me it was more like I need like I want somebody to care for me, which is so sad.
Of course it is of course it is, but I do understand.
You want that good feeling but and then another issue Out imagine. I don't know. If you ran into this. Sometimes there's people out there who can sense that and manipulate it and then when they don't care for you you feel very used in a band yet again.
Oh, yeah, hit the nail right on the head why you told me to pry you told me to start prying?
Yeah, I like. I have been through I like there is not there's maybe been a three-month stretch of my life where I've been not partnered since I was 15 14 probably so I've had a lot of relationships and and or like, you know Partnerships, we would say some of them are relationships.
And when that happens, there's bound to be some that are fucking awful actually one that drove me to therapy which I'm like actually really grateful for like it was a fucked-up relationship and it was terrible. Sorry Sally but it like got me to a place where I was like, holy shit. Like all of this is happening in this relationship is like This is not good and like I don't want to do this anymore and I need to like talk to somebody about it. Yeah, that's how I found my incredible therapist one.
Sorry that whatever this what whoever this person was that put you through some sort of.
Duress at the very least.
Well, you know. It might surprise you but he was an alcoholic and a drug addict.
Wow. Look at that. Look at that the Be there at least the least surprising thing in the world that that but man I got it.
I get it. I gotta say I haven't been I mean you have you have you have been through some stuff and I can't I can't claim it. Anyway that I've walked in your shoes, but I will say expressing a lot of things where you're saying that throughout your life. There's been a lot of feelings. I would imagine of loneliness a lot of that is what this boils down to and I feel that too all the time and whenever whenever I feel I was just saying in my wife lately, I've been in a bad spot. I'm just feeling these intense feelings of loneliness, which is so shitty because I have my wife and my kid and you Your two-year-old and I'm sure you feel the same thing of like just like can't sometimes you can't get past your past and that loneliness sets in and it feels so desperate but I do just want to say that one thing. I just wanted to make sure I express that because one thing I'll say is like when you're feeling really lonely you forget that you're not alone because there's other people out there who feel that same desperate loneliness and I get it I get it.
Yeah, I have to refer and lick.
Go ahead.
No you go ahead.
Part of part of what like part of what sort of came out of my lonely childhood was like really like I'm like a grifter. I don't know if that's the right word, but you can tell me you read things and no good words. I'm like a person who I mean I read most of comic books.
Well, didn't you like studying English literature something like that?
American studies. I mean I took a class in college where I raised him go. No joke. I took a class called animal husbandry where I raised a go. I farted my way through college is a waste of everybody's time and money. That's what that was.
Yo, I feel the same way. And I also sorry to your wife, but I also agree with you that college is a joke, and there's only a handful of people who should go.
Well, look I I've amended this I've amended this college is a great thing, but I think the idea that every teenagers. Sense of self-worth and this implication that their entire future depends on College. Yes is a little bit of a sales technique and a little bit of something that's at a fever pitch. That's first of all unfair because of the pressure it puts on kids.
And secondly, I almost feel like every kid should be required to take a gap year because the idea of I'm going to decide what I want the rest of my life to be when I'm 17, not everybody has that in them and at that point why spend $100,000 till you have a better sense? Go get a better sense of yourself and then up by all means spend spend the money to go figure out your craft. But this idea that oh good.
You'll just go figure it out. And in the meantime, you'll be drowning in debt. Whoa. Whoa. No, thanks. Anyway, you're saying yeah, great.
I chose to go to college based on the least amount of people from my high school going to the school. I went to that was a really great choice that landed me $60,000 in debt.
But I don't know what I was saying before that.
Yeah, we got we both grunting quietly. There you go. Wee wee fat here's what happened is you and I finally found a mutual Lane where our rage really echoed each other and we both went a little Haywire from it.
Yeah, I forget our same too.
I do have a question though. Oh, oh, oh go for it.
Okay, go no. No you remember the thing go on your question? No, I want to know what it was. It's an unresolved threaded. Turn it down. You wrote it down.
You keeping notes.
I'm just joking. I did not actually write it down and let's find me.
Let's finish off that thought and then we'll move on to my question.
Okay, so I was going to say that I sort of learned how to survive by like creating like other families. So like, you know, there was a a house literally next next door to my house where for the first half of my life. There was a family who lived there who I was like, I was literally at their house every fucking day. They like took me on vacation and shit.
Sorry Sally and the You know when they moved out this woman literally the day, you know, some somebody else is in there and it's locked but then literally the day of my mother's funeral. The family moves in next door and the woman mother of the family is like this dope lady who has been through some shit on her own and like she hires me to babysit our kids and she becomes like literally a lifesaver and I think there's been like in every moment in my life where I've needed somebody like that. There's been somebody like that and I am not religious you that's a whole nother threat of crazy if you want to go down that about my family and religion.
but I I really struggle to not see that there's like some sort of connectedness because like I don't understand how in the world I found especially women like older women who were there to guide me like it was it's like uncanny how that happens and take care of me when I needed them to You crying?
Hello.
I'm not crying.
No, it sounded like you started crying and I was trying to sit in that emotional moment. But you just kind of ended your semi don't get started and then I choked it down.
That's what happens.
Look at me over here trying to exploit emotion entertainment value of the show.
That's not cool. Anyway know what is cool products and services that might enhance your life.
We got advertisers. It's the reason we get to make this show so listen and support them and use the promo codes if anything might help you out in life helps the show when you do we'll be right back.
Working out is hard. We all know that and bomba socks. I'm not going to say they can change that but they can certainly make working out more comfortable. If your resolution is to get fit this year start by getting socks that can keep up every step of the way. I tell you I have gotten myself a bunch of socks that are specific for basketball and it makes a difference. I'm out there running around and they are legitimately more comfortable and I'll tell you what, too.
People play basketball there and people like style, you know, everybody's always checking out each other's gear. I've gotten consistent compliments where people were like, oh those Red Sox dude like these tough basketball alpha male types consistently given depth to my socks tapping me up on my socks.
And I love that they give away three pairs of socks to people in need think that's super cool. But I'm just makes a variety of performance socks designed for everything from running hiking cycling tennis. And yes basketball plus a lot more bomb is Designed with Left Right contouring and a why stitched heal so they stay perfectly in place and they've gotten rid of that annoying toe seem. Oh boy the toasty and for every pair you buy bombas donates a pair to someone in need. Like I said, that is a noble thing that I support Go to bombas. Com stories today get 20% off your first purchase. That's Bo MBA s. Com stories for 20% off bombas. Com / stories.
Go ahead and finish off a conversation that really has come to mean a lot to me personally.
You crying?
Hello. I'm not crying though.
It sounded like you started crying and I was trying to sit in that emotional moment. But you just kind of ended I might have just started and then I choked it down.
That's what happens.
Yeah, I bet you do that a lot.
I do.
Yeah people who are people are emotional at their core, but have trained that they need I've been trained to be tough. Yeah a lot of that. What's very good that you found those? Those guiding hands and older women. I worried too because I tell you you and I have been through very different things and I'm not I would never presume to say that my dad was not accused of murder murdering a bunch of people in Mexico. I'm not like it's there's no it's not a pissing contest but I will say I think we have some very similar similar roads. We've gotten down and how we've tried to deal with it For Better or Worse.
Here's a question I have for you on that.
Very positive to create these families. I've done a similar thing in my life and recently I've been reconciling the fact though that wonder if you've dealt with this and I'm not trying to scare you this almost bag because I want to put a bad thing your head. I found that sometimes know I'm ready. Well, these created families these families that you seek out these communities that you become a part of the end of the day.
It's not the same Bond as like A blood family and they can let you down. I've been I've been let down by my community's recently. Yeah, I'm really feeling burned and lonely. It's making me want to quit a lot of the things. I've invested in my life not to make it about me, but I wonder if you've run into the same thing.
Yes, I definitely have.
I wanted to ask. Maybe this isn't I've started feeling that more once I became a parent yes, because there is like a real. So my husband's English has mothers in England. I stole him from England and brought him here because he has one of the world's greatest men. So all those English woman. I'm sorry, you lost a wonderful human and one of our beautiful thing to say, I don't know he's gonna he's gonna hear that you said that about him and he's gonna Beam with pride. That's awesome to say that about your partner. No. No, he's a English you know what he's going to do what he's going to be mad because he cannot take a compliment and everything.
Thing that is in his being is like hardened, you know what I mean? Like you talked about that with Irish people. It's very similar with with English people. Like I will like look at him and be like, oh my God, you're so handsome and he's like, he doesn't know how to deal with that.
Every time. My wife tells me I'm handsome I respond. Yeah, right every single time every time she says, I'm yeah and I wanted made it a bit actually.
When I got when I got on the phone with you, I wanted to say that you need to stop doing that because it actually like it limits intimacy. Well look and I just I have four kids. No no sex again the second call. Yeah and like it's moments like those that if you just let yourself be in them that you find like the deepest amount of intimacy with your partner and you're even if you want to do for yourself, like you're stealing that moment from her and I get that and I've dealt with that and I like that you and I clearly get each other well enough that you're able to nail mom my intimacy issues and my self-esteem.
I'm also starting to wonder later in life. If I have some sort of body dysmorphia as I've learned that because sometimes I look in the mirror and I'm like, I'm a reasonably good-looking person and then sometimes I look in the mirror I go. Oh, I'm a monster man and it changes by the hour. So we here if you want we only got Twelve and a half minutes left. We can't get into my issues because that could be a whole separate podcast that will be our next Stitch or premium series is me explaining all this the swirling deficiencies in my brain even more than I did in high school, but I like what you brought up. That was the question. I was going to ask you I'm having the same thing having a kid when you have a past that has some rough Parts.
It has thrown me for a loop and I've really felt this profound sense that my my job is to build a world for my son where he doesn't have to deal with some of the things I had to deal with.
Yes very much. Feel that.
Yeah, and one thing that my fair past has been really dope about is like helping me realize like moments, but I'm feeling that are also about be re parenting myself. Cough I saw like, yeah, maybe bring that up with your shrink. What's her name? Again? Barb Barb talk to her about it. She's probably she's probably down with this analysis, but and it but it's hard and it's like it is like opening wounds that you don't even know like that's why it's probably feels weird to you and probably also why you're like feeling some stuff about your friends like the minute. I fuckin had a kid. Sorry Sally.
I like it's changed now that he's a little bit older but like your kit your childless friends or your friends with kids who are older than you like it's just doesn't even matter like people don't understand where you're at because they're not in it and so a whole bunch of like weird ass shit fucking happens is a lie because they're all dealing with you being in a new fucking phase of your life and everybody is selfish and It sucks but yes, yes and I work at seven well and it's what you just said rings so true because not only are people in general in their own lane and stuff.
I work in stand-up comedy a culture of people who like to get on a stage and have a spot light Shone on them so they can share their opinions and it's inherently selfish thing to do and I tell you and I I don't know how many of my comedian friends would listen to this but people in my life, I felt really close with For years and I see them at comedy shows.
These are people I've hung out with socially two people have worked with every day, you know for stretches of time on jobs and always say to me. Oh, I gotta come meet your kid. I gotta come meet your kid and I'm like, yeah, I'm around all the time now and he's six months old and some of these people were people I thought I was really close with it's like and if if I every time I see you for six months you say you got to meet the kid and you don't yep, I guess.
We weren't friends ever. I guess we weren't the types of friends. I thought we were at this point. I gotta stop feeling bad about this.
Yes. I think that the other thing that you have to like retrain yourself on when you become a parent and you have relationships with other people in the world is that like there are people in the world. Like I said who aren't going to get it but they serve a different purpose in your life. And so like if they're will like my best friend just we just had a really you know tough time together and it took her time to process like how you know me not being as available as I I used to be we've been friends since we were in middle school like, you know was affecting her and like we just have this like really beautiful moment of like reconciliation and felt like we were like we renewed our friendship but like like yeah, like some people are just aren't going to be they'll say that they want to come see your kid and they'll say like I'll do this in that for you and then we'll never talk and do it. You'll be like, well, you're not my friend but also like You might need to make some new friends and they'll serve the purpose of being your parent friends and your other friends will serve the purpose of being your comedy friends or whatever.
Yeah, I've got to figure that out. It's hard, but it's like it's like you sort of like circle the wagons and you fuck you find out really fast who's on the inside of that line and who's on the outside and I'm not necessarily mad at them. It is what it is, but it hurts a little bit and people don't realize that and I've done that to other people. There's people in my life who when they had kids.
Before I had a kid like I can think of a very a handful of very specific friend of mine. Oh, I was intensely close within that we're not and I realize oh, that's because my I was in I was at an age and a mindset where I was very selfish than I don't even know it and I get why this person doesn't reach out to me very often anymore get it.
It's on me. So I've done it to be able to so I'm not mad but it's this instinctive thing.
Yeah, I want to ask you.
Because you and I could talk forever. We got a lot in common in the inside of our fucked-up braids.
Are you finding that in the course of raising your own child? It's I understand my father a lot more and there's my dad was the best he still the best but he was a hard guy and I've realized like, oh the reason he like went out of his way to make me tough was I had to be tough and he saw that like I was in I was in World where there is a lot of shit flying around and he knew I had to be tough so he toughen me up and not I'm not implying he hit hear anything. He didn't but like it was harsh. And and now I'm a dad and I see it. Well make oh I had he had to do that.
All right. I got a raise my son in a place where I won't have to do that like realizing that you know, since my son was born my my hand Uncle told me that when my parents got married they had $400 between them and when they had a kid everybody's worried when they said they're going to have a Second one.
They actually sat them down their family set them down and said, what are you doing? You're gonna be in the Poorhouse and that was me. There's like an intervention to try to prevent me and I realized oh if my dad like fell down and broke his leg we would have been on welfare. Of course. The guy was hard. Of course. He had a hard Edge.
Are you finding an admin? Imagine much tougher for you? Because your dad went to some really dark places. Are you finding more empathy for him from the perspective of being a parent?
Though that for my dad I found empathy for him in other places. I'm actually finding it harder now to want to talk to him now that I'm a parent so he dropped the ball because ways yo, yes 100% like like yeah, you know.
There was this one time I was after my mom had died where he like went out drinking and like puked all over our computer room for and like it was carpet was old as carpet. So it's like that mad at shit that like you can't get anything out of and like so my dad used to sleepwalk when he was drunk and this is one of those moments he was like he was trying to clean his puke up with a vacuum cleaner.
And so I got woken up by the vacuum cleaner and Downstairs and I was like, oh shit, he's sleepwalking. And so like I just he was like literally zombie a zombie. I'd like staring at me you fucking scary as shit, and I just like God's Army hands dirty and start cleaning and then like the next day, you know for like a week. I didn't talk to him and he approached my brother about it and was like, why isn't your sister talking to me?
And he was like well, You probably don't remember this but the other night she had to clean up your puke because you're trying to clean up with the vacuum. And then she had to clean out the vacuum and my father is responsible as well. How many times that I have to clean up her? Puke as a baby?
Yeah, it's not.
It's like literally had the empathy of like a fucking napkin like there and a lot of that is because his brain is not did not develop because of the amount of shit that he did to it. But like so that's that is the like Embassy that I have for him. But as a parent it's a lot. It's a lot harder my brother and submits to like, it's just a lot harder to connect with him because we're so angry at how I wasn't a good parent to us and we don't have our good parent. Like I'm like, I'm finding my grief for my mom like just like ballooning at this moment.
Because like I want to call her especially when you know, you've been through this the first year is like you're still going through its brutal. They are animals and they're awful and they screen and you want to scream at them and you feel like an asshole because you want to scream at them and like all I wanted to do so many times in those moments those pick up the phone and call my mom and be like, please tell me that you also wanted to like throw me out the window because that's what I want to do right now.
I told My son to shut the fuck up when he was six days old us. I was so terrified. I was like I was 4:30 in the morning and I was exhausted and terrified and I didn't know what he needed and I just in a moment of desperation was like shut the fuck up man. And then I was like, oh God, I can't say six days old.
It's like head is still cone-shaped what's wrong with me?
Oh my god, I've just met you. I promise you I told him to shut the fuck up for any no, it's fine. And the like the reality is is that like we don't talk about this enough as a society because we're especially women are taught that we should be like beaming and glowing and so happy that we have a child when like, you know, that's never the case. Like that's not that's not real. It's hard.
It's exhausting to talk about it.
Yeah.
Yep. It's true. And I see that from the inside even I 2019. I feel like I'm somebody tries to connect with people. I find myself falling into things where I assume my wife is going to do stuff because every movie and TV show you ever washed and past Generations did it that way and I have to actively break those habits and and very often I need to be told. Hey break that habit. This is shitty and my wife's right.
I would have to imagine her. Yeah. Yeah, she doesn't let me off the goddamn hook like I do my best. Well, she as long as I try my best she's okay with it. As long as I'm trying my hardest even when I dropped the ball, it's okay. She's very fair about it. But there's times where she'll see me sitting there texting or on the computer and she's like, hey, you do the goddamn dishes, right? You know, and I'm like, yeah, you're right. You're right. You're right. You've been breastfeeding all that you held hostage.
It's it's funny because you it you set it. So I thought It was really eye-opening say like I don't have empathy for my dad, but I have a lot of empathy for my mom and that's that's an amazing thing to realize and sounds to me like some of the stuff with your dad like I would imagine when you're a kid that vomit thing. You're like that's fucked up and now you're a parent and you're like, oh actually now I know that that was completely unacceptable.
Yes.
100% Yep this one flew by.
Did I?
I really my heart goes out to you dealt with more stuff than any kid should have to deal with but I have to say we didn't even really get a chance to talk about your career. But the idea that you've dedicated yourself to try and help people in need and reshape the world is such a beautiful thing and I hope you succeed at it. I hope it helps you feel like you've pushed back against some of the bullshit you have to deal with awesome.
Thank you and seeing ghosts you having this podcast is Done a lot for a lot of people definitely has for me to do. I hate that we're ending when you sound so set hit. He's also said on the way out the door. Oh, no, wait, my husband leaves the cabinet doors open and it's infuriating.
Oh my God see me and you should sign of share that with you. Listen someday, if we cross paths and person and you tell me you are we gotta sit down and grab a grab a cup of tea or something because me and you We process things in very similar fashion these goddamn cabinet openers. My wife is mad though because now she's like a meme people will find cabinets open and they will put up pictures and tag me and her in them and makes her so upset and I get it I get it.
But why did you do it?
I have to say to our caller. Thank you for opening up. I can imagine that that was not easy.
There's a lot of places that cut deep and I was feeling that so I can't imagine how you're feeling that because you're the one putting yourself out there.
So thank you.
I have a feeling as with all of the calls that get emotional and I have a feeling it's going to help some other people out there and I hope that that feels worth it to you. Thank you for doing what you do. Try to make the world a better place.
Thank you.
Jerry O'Connell in the booth like that right Nelson.
Thanks to Shell Shack the music go to Chris get. Com. If you want to know more about me the show go down like a straight view subscribe. It helps when you do next.
A parent talks about her familys journey with foster care, adoption & a really long walk in Spain. This episode is brought to you by Aura Frames (www.auraframes.com/stories), Native Deodorant (www.nativedeodorant.com code: BEAUTIFUL), and Morgan & Morgan (www.forthepeople.com/stories).
READ LESS
Hello to everybody who would walk 500 miles and everybody who would walk 500 more. It's beautiful Anonymous one hour one phone call. No names no holds bar. I'd rather know.
Everybody Chris gethard here. Welcome to beautiful Anonymous quick reminder beautiful follow-up is up and running. We like to do a batch of these every year the second year were doing it. They've been going great. We're hearing from some old collars old people you've been wondering about in Prior lie, that's not a word people previously caught the show catch up with them yet again.
Use the code stories you get a month of Stitcher premium for free last week. We talked to that guy who wrote eighteen thousand songs member him from way back. The day how many songs has he written now? You have to tune in to find out and then this week the upcoming Friday three days from now house burned down member that like the girl whose house had just burned down when she called and she had a really lovable donkey named Cedric calls back get to figure out where things are at and how Cedric's doing.
So make sure you check out those beautiful follow-ups. This week's call makes me feel good going to go ahead and say that and not good like I'm patting myself on the back like it went really well. Good, like it was a reminder about an area of the world that we often. I think have stereotyped in our head as not good the foster care system. There's a foster parent tells us the ins and outs of how they've navigated it. Some of the things they've seen both personally and by participating in the system as a whole and you know, I say this in the course of the call this one of those parts of the world that we often only hear about it when bad things happen when people fail And it was so refreshing to me to hear about someone who has tried to work with in that system in all the right ways who's reminding us a lot of these things that we hear about is as bad.
Those are the outliers. And what's at the core of it are a lot a lot of people who are well-intentioned and trying to help it was as eye-opening to me. I hope it is just as inspiring to you. Enjoy the call.
Thank you for calling beautiful Anonymous a beeping noise will indicate when you are on the show with the host.
Hello.
No kidding.
Hello. How you doing?
Pretty good. How about you?
Well, this is I mean, I'm actually doing really good right now. It's been a crazy couple of months but really exciting news late breaking news yesterday. We got news that we got an adoption date for our foster son. Oh wow. I know it's not crazy congrats. Yeah, he's huge. It's really really huge. He's been with us since he was just a couple months old. It's been in foster care his whole life and he's almost 18 months old now.
So when he on his adoption date, I did the math yesterday. He will have been in foster care for 598 days.
Wow, and yeah, and you said you've had him since he was almost a newborn.
Yeah. Yeah, he was with one Foster family before us but it became kind of clear that his case was going towards adoption and that family already had just a Megaton of children. And so they they had made the decision for their family that they were they had enough children much as they loved him and they were wonderful foster parents to him, but they they wanted him to be with the family that would be able to adopt him and my wife and I have been foster parents for Years now or two years two and a half years. I don't know. It feels like seven years 19. I spent a long time but and you know, we really this is how we wanted to grow our family or create. Our family wasn't always the plan but it became the plan and yeah, so when they called, I'm an attorney. I was actually in court and I got the call from the like foster care lady and she was like we A baby boy and she was supposed to call my wife first because she's a little more thoughtful and calculating in her decision-making process, but she couldn't get through to my wife so she called me and so it's like I think we're probably going to say yes, and then we it wasn't a rush since he was with a good family. So we had time to talk it over and see like are we ready to have one? That's probably going to stay and he said yes.
Wow, that's huge. Let me ask it just cause I'm a little confused. So he's with a different family right now. I thought you had initially said got it. No, it's been with you.
Yeah, so since so first couple months of his life, he was with Foster family one Foster family one was like we have enough kids he needs to go to the family that's going to adopt him. And so then they transferred him over to our care and we've been his after parents for about 15 16 months got it.
And now that that once you adopt he'll become a permanent member of your family. That's right.
I'm gonna cry. Yeah. Yeah, it's okay. Yeah, it's yeah, we don't have any other kids. You know. We're this is this is how we're making our family. Yeah, he's going to be going to be a little member of our family. Sorry. It's really quite a something a thing to process, you know, when your foster parents there's always an understanding that They can go home and our first two kids. Our first kid went home. Second kid went to a different adoptive family and you always know that it's not permanent until the adoption papers are signed until you have an adoption day and that we were pretty sure we were going to be able to adopt him, but it wasn't like we didn't have an adoption date until yesterday.
So you got this news yesterday.
Yeah, yeah, it's been been really wild.
Wow. That's huge.
Yeah, my parents are going to be grandparents. My brothers are going to be unfold. Wow. It's it's crazy very very intense. And this is all happening at the same time. So, do you know what the Camino de Santiago is? No there. Okay. So it's a crazy thing. It's the ancient pilgrimage that goes from the lower part of France all the way across. In and it's a walk people walk this almost 500 miles and my wife earlier this year came to me and said hey honey, I'd really like to walk the Camino and this is really important to me and like, you know being a mom has been really challenging and you know, she's the best mom in the world, but you know, it's an adjustment to become a mom.
And so she wanted to do this walk and I was like, what wait So that like 500 miles and he's if we're under 90 miles. She walked across the top of Spain and she came back and completely different person. It's been very strange. I ain't so sure we've been together for six and a half years. We both are very, you know, complicated interesting people I think as a general rule, but she you know, this she's been a At home mom for the last while we've been foster parents or she's been a stay-at-home mom.
And you know, she she went to a very fancy college and she's really really brilliant and she's got this like incredibly amazing complex brain and she she's just incredible and then, you know being a stay-at-home mom, you know, it's a lot of monotony and repetition and there's a lot of crying and you know, I think she she's very She had a hard time with it. I want you know, it's weird to call it's not really postpartum because you know her foster kids, but she had a challenging time with sorry my computer is doing at me.
She had a hard time with the with becoming a mom as a person as a part of her identity and she also like I'm an attorney so I have a career I go to court I do fancy things and you know Try really hard to help people and you know, I think she felt she was I think she felt stagnant and so she did this thing where she walked, you know, she's like, there's no you just get your little walking sticks and a little backpack and he carry yourself with you and you just go and I think it did some really it work. I mean, I've never seen my wife like this before she's she's Realized, you know, it really helped her become herself.
And I mean don't get me wrong. She also came back so hot. It's just like we joke bit like she now has a thigh gap, which I didn't even think I would ever use those words in a sentence. But now I kind of have to I mean she looks so incredibly fantastic. She's like she's she's she's not almost 40, but she's moving in. Direction and some wrong with that.
I think 40 is the new 30. There's nothing wrong with 40.
That's that's what I heard. That's what I heard and I'm a little bit younger. So I get to make the jokes with the poor girl and I'm going to older so I get to be defensive.
How old are you? I don't remember 39 and a half. Here we go.
Okay, that's beautiful man. You doing the countdown? That's beautiful. I mean, but you have a brand new baby. So I mean that's got to make you feel nice and young.
Are you kidding makes me feel older than I ever felt older and more tired than I've ever been and I look in the mirror and I'm like, oh he's seven months old and I've aged six years and seven months. I see all the lines on my face. Now. I'm like that literally wasn't the case a year ago any Hoots. That's what I mean. I threw my back out. I threw my back out last week. That's such an old man thing to say. I threw my back out.
I'm such an old man. Anyway, it's not about me. It's not about me.
I did what I know. I mean we can totally talk about your son by the way. He's so cute. I mean and I do agree with the general consensus that he does indeed look like you very very cute child. I follow your wife on Instagram. I post all the cute pic man. She got a good Jam going there. Thank you so much.
I mean I am a little worried that we're gonna inundated my wife with callers who are just stalking our baby. I'm I'm very trepidation. I rarely post pictures of me when I do I turn off the comments because people get all Anto.
I'm sure no that's totally fair. But I will tell you so he 7 months old right now and he is cute.
Thank you for saying he's real cute.
No, of course. Oh, yeah - real cute too, but I was going to say seven-month-old is a really like that's where it really starts to. I mean the first few months are really hard. So we Foster infants. That's our Jam. So like we have actually like being stuck in the Our first baby was like four months to nine months with us and then second baby was newborn to almost four months. And then this day we've had you know, since he was three months to 18 months we like the time period you have right now we've been there and it's it like this is where it really just starts like it's like fireworks every day and it just gets better and better and better and they start sleeping better and their personalities really just start to pop it.
It's like this is this is where it really starts to get good. You really are over the hump. Like I know there's sleep regression and other stuff that comes but you're really getting into the good stuff now we can feel it and he's he laughs so hard and he makes us laugh so hard and it's like it moves so fast, it's a little scary like just last week we were like, oh he's starting to try to crawl and now he can like he can't crawl but like you put a toy across the room and he'll just scooch his way.
He'll just drag himself over to it. I'm like, oh he's mobile. Four days ago. He wasn't yeah. Okay. Yeah.
No it is where it gets scary though.
Yes. We got a baby proof. We have to do it baby-proof. Yeah said. Oh, yeah now let me ask you a couple things one. As far as the walk your wife went on based on the name and the location in the world the sounds like it might be a religious thing.
It is so very good question. So it's it's a Catholic traditional pilgrimage. There's actually been tons of movies and books about it. Oh my God, my wife is going to kill me that I couldn't remember the name of the famous one. I think it's called the way someone on Facebook. I'll tell you don't worry.
But yeah it with Martin Sheen and Emilio Estevez who are related, right?
Yeah. Son, yeah, yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, I think that's that's so I It's All Coming Back To Me the plot of the movie is Dad son goes to walk. The Camino dies like on the first day. And so then the dad picks up his mantle and walk the Camino for his son and Mark is the dad is Martin Sheen.
My name is really of your Estevez vehicle about this I had no idea.
Yeah, no, good. Good. Good. No good flick. Nice. Nice Saturday night watch but then you might want to walk the Camino and then you have to negotiate all kinds of things with your wife. So I'm just saying it can get complicated. They might disappear for 41 days.
Yes, but yes, so my wife is a lapsed Catholic. She was raised Catholic, but her and Jesus aren't don't have like the personal relationship thing. But what you did find she didn't find God she's behind you. While walking but she did find herself absolutely, but she also found God in nature God as nature, you know kind of like a Spinoza sort of thing God his nature and really it just it's a I think a lot of people would have really profound experiences. I mean, there's a there's a saying I'm not going to remember it because this is all very overwhelming. Me but it's just saying about how you can't walk a hundred miles and be the same person and what I've discovered is that that is very true.
They're very true. That's so cool. Yeah, it was very very interesting. I mean, you know a lot of people when because we have a kid, you know, there's a practice and I'm an attorney. So like there were some practical considerations people were like, what are you doing with litter your wife go for like 40 something days. Look who look up to the kid, but there's going to be so far too brother and we actually got like a fair amount of flak for you know making this.
Commitment to to let her do this and I think it was really I mean, it's the last month since you got back has been very hard like well we're you know adjusting to the new versions of ourselves and being like Oh, like you're very different now like what is our what does this mean for like who we are and how we interact with each other but I would still like even though it was hard like being temporary single mom and still like having to also go pretend to be an attorney. No. No, I really am an attorney. I swear.
And you know, that was all very tricky but you know, it also showed like I could be a single parent I can take care of this kid by myself. I can continue and maintain a life and I can take care of myself like my wife, you know, she's a homemaker. So there were some concerns that I might starve to death, but I did not I did not starve and the main in serve either we all are good health and I would actually say that that it is a a good thing, too.
To facilitate is like if your your partner wants to do something wild and crazy. And without you that that can be allowing that to happen in like facilitating that and encouraging that can actually be this incredible experience that I mean fuck's your whole, uh, sorry Sally screws your your whole taxes, but you know again, it definitely turned the world upside down, but but also was so beautiful and Just seeing the light in my wife's eyes. I mean this is kind of a weird thing to say. I'm sorry if I'm talking too much. I'm nervous, but day it's a talk based podcast.
I guess that's true. Somebody's got a Time.
Yeah, I mean just seeing is like watching her come alive, you know, and you even watching just as she's posting on Facebook and you know, she's meeting people from around the world and she's really like a generally very shy person. She's not super outgoing even though she's you know, quite friendly she's introverted and you know, just watching her come out of her shell and just like a sense of Confidence just she was imbued with it and it was just like there was light coming out of her. I can't I know that sounds crazy. I know that sounds crazy, but it's just the truth. She just actualized she so actualize it was a transformation and that was I mean, I've never experienced anything in my life to watch someone especially someone you've known for so long and we were friends before we dated and You know, so watching her over these years and then just in such a short period of time they come herself.
She found her way and she's you know, she's still finding her way. We're finding our way. We're calling it marriage 2. 0. That's really cool.
What else would a little unexpected tangent when we started talking about foster care? Can I ask you more questions about about being a foster parent?
Hell yeah, okay, first off whatever you want to know. Well first off what inspired you to get into it.
No, we knew we wanted to have kids we are of the gay. So there were some certain materials that were lacking like we actually went out and we like pick this sperm donor and you know, my wife's a little older than me. So she was going to carry so we have some we have some product on ice but we decided what no. No I should I give credit where credit's due.
My wife came to me one day and she was like, I've thought about it and I have decided. I don't I don't want to carry a child. I just can't stop thinking about always the world is so messed up and she both of us had complicated childhoods and hers was particularly complicated and traumatic in ways that just, you know would keep you up at night.
And so she thought about the child that she was and how if someone had stepped in to protect her when she was a child how that could have made such a A huge difference to everything that she became and all the things that she went through. And so she said that she wanted to us to Foster and that that instead of her carrying a child.
We would Foster and then potentially adopt from the foster care system and I'm going to be completely honest. I was a little skeptical at first my the first person I never had a really serious relationship with was adopted and I saw how Matic that had been for her the attachment issues that she had and I wasn't anti adoption. I just I don't know I was scared but I was like, okay. Well look of the the foster-care recruitment class and see what that's about we can go and we'll check it out. And so we went and at the end of it I was like, oh we're doing this like we're definitely doing this and she was like hell, yeah, and we took all the classes and we did the thing and awfully wet Go ahead and pause there.
So we hear about what it was like setting off on this journey and we will continue the journey when we get back. But first of all, we got ads before that the ad support the show they help us bring the show out to the world holidays are coming up. Maybe you'll hear one of these things that I wanted to see what that's all about.
Use the promo code help the show be right back after this.
With joy bird your personal one-of-a-kind style should match your furniture bring your mood boards to life with hundreds of customizable pieces and over 50 Fabric and leather options Three Shades of wood and over 250 unique Silhouettes from Joy bird fabric Swatch kits allow you to see and touch all of their Fabrics to find the perfect choice tell you what I am moving to a house instead of an apartment going out got A joy bird couch and I'll tell you why it's not because they're an advertiser's because they're a good company. My wife loves their stuff said we got to have this as the centerpiece of our living room Joy bird. It's no joke each piece is made with Ultimate Care and precision using real wood and responsibly sourced materials that all those harmful chemicals create furniture that matches your own Fearless style at Joy bird. Com, / beautiful 25, see how Joy bird can help make your dream space for real. 80 today at Joy bird. Com beautiful 25 go to Joy bird. Com beautiful 25 receive an exclusive offer for 25% off your first order by using the code beautiful 25.
Have you ever needed a doctor late at night or while traveling? I know this feeling I travel all the time travel all the time. You get on a plane you feel fine. You get off the plane and all of a sudden something's hitting you you're in a city that you don't know it can be scary. Right? That's why I tell the doc gives you 24/7 access to board certified doctors anytime anywhere for non emergency conditions, like a sinus infection allergies flu rashes and more their board certified doctors can diagnose. Street and prescribe medication when medically necessary to be delivered to the pharmacy of your choice tell the doc is available through most insurance or employers at $45 or less a visit no appointments.
No waiting rooms. None of those germy urgent cares or expensive trips to the ER one of tell attacks testimonial States. I am an RN and I have little time for personal issues. Let alone being sick while caring for the ill this service called me after setting up an account and request. MD visit in minutes the service is actually amazing and I only wish I would have utilized it sooner.
There's a great review for you. Tell the doc is here to get you back to feeling your best no matter when or where you are download the app today or visit Tesla doc. Com stories to register today. So you're ready when you need a doctor's care or schedule a doctor visit today. Don't forget to download the app or visit Tela doc. Com stories.
Thanks again to all of our advertisers now. Let's get back to this interesting conversation.
we took all the classes and we did the thing and Often what now?
You've said you've fostered three kits so far.
Yeah. Yeah, so we're when you were considered newbies in the in the in the multi-faceted multi-dimensional foster parent world, but yeah three babies and let me ask you so and what they've all been infants.
Yes, yes. I mean, you know young a our first baby was four months old when she came to us second baby was a newborn we got her directly from the NICU and are our third baby. I kind of explain who his whole interesting Dynamic but yeah, maybe now let me ask okay might be some sensitive questions and especially if they apply to your own son.
Feel free to just say yeah, let's keep that private because there's certain things. I wouldn't talk. Yeah my Son in public. So yeah get that for sure. No, okay, and I'm sure you know, there's also the foster care system is something you hear a lot about but I'm very interested to hear about it from the inside. So one thing that I'm a little surprised by my understanding is that with foster care.
And I want to be sensitive and I don't want to disparage or stereotype in any way but in general well what you hear from the outside is generally that foster care places kids who have been removed from their living circumstances.
Yes, so something happened in eat. So I mean the primary way that infants come into foster care is if there is a drug test that's administered at Birth or the child and the child.
Yes. That makes sense.
So that's the front.
I was wondering how baby that young can be removed that correctly. But I guess if there's a pre-existing problem along those lines that makes a lot of sense.
And then again asking sensitively. When you adopt via foster care.
Are you working with the birth mother who then works with you on the traditional adoption or is it sometimes a situation where the foster care system says? We're sorry, but this situation isn't improving so this baby can't return and after certain amount of time. We open that up to adoption. How does that work? Because I yeah my brother just adopted through regular meetings and it was like it was so beautiful to watch awesome.
Congratulations.
Yeah. My nephew's so cool. It's so funny and so laid back. Like I love my brother to death, but he's the first to tell you like you're not cool and laid back like he's cool in a real goofy weirdo way and it's so cool to see what's good. Anyway, I know that through that process, you know, there's a lot of the birth parents in the birth mother in particular a really Hands-On involved. I'm wondering how that Dynamic is in the foster care world.
So it's for our current kiddo his parents. They're just not able to care for him. They're really lovely people I mean and just just so they have like I can't say enough nice things about our our kiddos birth parents though. Just incredible people like the the weight of what's happening to them is not lost on me.
It's hard, but they they met us very early on, you know, because their visit the first and We like them there they they liked us and we like them and they were given an opportunity to try and fight to get the kiddo back. I have a name I call him on social media. So I'm trying not to use the name I use for him and social media or his actual name, right and we can always bleep there with you if you slip oh sure if I slip up.
Yeah, so we'll call him the kiddo. So the kiddos parents did have An opportunity to try and get him back and they did not try. They knew their dad thought about it being, you know, at first that was kind of his plan was he was going to fight you get him back, but it became apparent pretty quickly that he was not capable based on his life circumstances of pulling it together enough to care for for for the kiddo.
Mom has a lot of issues, but just Such a wonderful human being I mean an actual Heart of Gold and it really beautiful and because I see that in my soon-to-be son. Like I see her and him and him and her and dad to but they they had a chance and they didn't pursue it. And actually at the there was a hearing eventually to terminate the parental rights and Mom stood up and said I I don't want this to go on any more you know these His these are his mom and he needs to be with them. Can they adopt him today? The Justice League?
Thank you. That's not how it works. Exactly but she's like I want it done today.
So we're still working on it. But yeah, no, she's so they're they're supportive our other two kids the first hit first kiddo. Mom did everything she had to do like she was on it. She passed every drug test. You took every class. You never missed a visit. She just worked. Worked and worked and fought and fought and fought and it's actually kind of an unusual story to have someone do it. So well if I'm an attorney I have clients who do not do as well as lots of clients don't do as well as she did and she did it and they gave they sent baby home and she's doing great. You know, she hasn't gone back into foster care. She's consumed which three now. Oh man, that's crazy.
She's doing fantastic. It was like an actual success story and that was our first kid. We had our second baby. The parents are there just they are young and dad had a ton of kids who are all adopted out. He's a well-known. He's a little bit Aureus in our area and Mom just this she's already lost kids to foster care and they didn't try so they were bypassed for services and and the kids moved directly into a path of But that was so you fostered.
Yes. Thank you for a period of time and then were you weren't ready for adoption at that point or you hadn't decided or know so it's a little complicated.
Do you know what a koala is it?
Quite I can't say I do or also called icwa but that's the Indian Child Welfare act.
So if a child is Native American in this country, there's a federal law that protects those children and ensures that they Are placed with a with for permanency for the purposes of permanency with a Native American family?
So that was the situation and that makes sense to maintain some sort of tradition and know it's beautiful. It's great.
Yeah that makes yes and and that baby is officially adopted at this point and is placed with two siblings and isn't a family that speaks the language. I'm not going to specify which. Craig those that seek the the tribal language and is in a community that's that's part of that and like again until their success story. Just we've been so I don't I'm not a huge fan of the word blessed but we have been so blessed. Like we not everyone has a go around like this. A lot of people have a lot of I mean, it's always hard to send a child out of your home to someone else's home.
Even if it's they're going back to a great circumstance are going to there. Optics home that Parts very hard but and heartbreaking but we've been so lucky. These kids have all just been Little Miracles. That's all credible an amazing experience. That's it's been crazy man Chris. I can't explain to you.
Like I just I'm going to get on a little soapbox. I know I've been talking too much but like on my soapbox good people if you're out there like think about doing this. It's so incredible. These kids are amazing. Yeah. Yeah, there's going to be challenges. Yeah, there's going to be things about it that are weird. Sometimes the system is completely unfair and sometimes their mistakes are made by people who are in power but these kids they need good people. So if you are a good person if you're an asshole or a child molester, please stay the fuck away from the child to the foster care system.
We've had enough of you. But if you are a good person and you want to help children, this is a incredible way of doing it and the goal is for you. Vacation like the goal is to get these kids back into the home that they came from. Sometimes that's not possible. And that's where you know for our kid. That's why we're adopting him is because it's not possible for him to go home.
But sure, you know, if you can if you can help that happen and like people like, oh, well I get too attached. Yeah. Yeah you do you do don't let me fall in love with these children. They are little amazing creatures. They're just People they're the kind of people who need you so that's soapbox. Think about doing foster care. It's amazing. Especially if you are.
Yeah, just just think about doing it people. It's amazing.
I have to say hearing that it's very inspiring because it you know what it makes me think of I'll get on a soapbox for a second to if that's okay. Yeah, well because you know, there's no well, you know, there's issues that people wind up really caring about and and for me, you know through my work mental health became something that was very important to me and also very associated with me and when I started speaking up about it, one of the things I noticed was that look the last thing I'm going to do is I don't think that news is fake news. I'm not sick. There's I don't want to be misconstrued as that. I think that's ludicrous.
The Press is the enemy of the people absolutely not I don't believe that I will say that news is very often a business and they need clicks and sure it's part of the game and a lot of times when mental health comes up. It drives me nuts because it's like whenever there's one of these mass shootings you see in the news quite often. Oh that person was on Prozac that person was on Zoloft and it's like, oh, that's a talking.
A point to get clicks and there's people using that for their own agenda all this stuff. I feel like there must be some similar frustrations because I'm realizing as you talk about this experience. I feel like the stories that you hear about foster care in the mainstream news are very often the sensationalized disasters. Like you hear very often. I feel like a hundred percent.
Sure.
Yeah, it must drive you nuts because you know that the classic one is when you hear like, oh this family was because I I don't know if this is true everywhere but some places at least you get like a stipend from the government here like all these people adopted 17 kids to just clean up on the government stipends and they weren't actually taking care of the kids and everybody was living in squalor. And those are the stories. I've generally read as you speak about it. Yeah.
I know. I know. I know. I mean it does drive me nuts. But it also those stories are real. Like there are people who are in Desperate situations who get into foster care for the wrong. Reason and her children and that's part of why I'm a foster parent is because I want to be a good home. I want to be a place where a kid can just be a kid and be happy and healthy and like develop healthy attachments me not help forming healthy attachments is one of the most devastating thing that can happen to a person's psyche and these kids like they need to be helping to see a smiling face everyday like and you know, like it's that's why the good People have to do it. That's why the people who aren't household and aren't in it for the wrong reasons need to need to think about doing it. I think a lot of good people think it'll be to think that it will be too hard and so they don't do it but it's it's yeah, so it's complicated and the system is not perfect. There are all kinds of things that can go go wrong and foster care. We're friends with a lot of other foster parents. There's a real community. Unity where we live and you know, we've seen things go terribly wrong. And I know I do family law and criminal defense law and I have also seen those cases where a foster parent someone who was entrusted with the care and responsibility for a little person just The Despicable thing.
So that's again good people do it because people do it like we need we need you. It's there. I think God can be embarrassing if I get this wrong, but I think it's 450 450 thousand children in foster care across the United States. It's a lot like it's a it's a lot of kids.
So yeah, I mean Yeah. No, I know that. There's definitely a reputation out there but like a good the good folk got to find a got to find their way to foster care.
Well, it's really great to hear because it makes you realize in the same way in the same way that when you when you read about like like with with the issue I brought up you read about these. You know, the one that drove me the most nuts it was like and I hate to get my car but that guy in Colorado dressed up as the Joker and shot. On the movie theater everything became about his his treatment and his medication, you know, and I remember I remember going so nuts and gone this so many people out here are gonna think that this does bad, but I can promise you that the one of the people now I won't say the most but one of the people who is bleeding the most mentally and emotionally from this was this guy shrink, I have to assume yeah, because he got ya inches and he tried and you I feel like when a high-profile sensationalized story like that comes up you can just feel oh, there's potentially hundreds of thousands of people who are reading this who have no idea that that's an outlier and that there's millions of people every day who are helped by this process in the same way. Yeah that when you read about when the ball gets dropped in foster care, I would have to imagine like you know you read about people who manipulate the system for cash or who, you know fail the kids or you or or the government agencies who don't check in on stuff thoroughly and it leads to try to G, but you have to imagine that there is someone far enough up the chain of that government agency who the buck stops with them and they realize that ultimately they were the beginning of the process falling apart and I would have to imagine it kills them on the inside if they're a good-hearted person who got into this for the right reasons so point being My eyes are being open right now of like, oh, I've read the disaster stories and they have had an effect and they have imprinted upon me my impression of this system. But like you said 450,000 kids.
And I know you were remembering off the top of your head. So there might be adjustment either way the large majority of those cases are what's that? I said jerky fact check. Yes, we can we can fact check that for sure, but my point being Right. This is a system that the large majority are good-hearted people trying to help kids who are in distress and I would imagine kids who very often are trying to push through hard circumstances to find some sense of stability and it's very very easy to forget that when a lot of what you wind up reading is the dark side or the failings of the system.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's not human nature. Now if they were drawn to that stuff or like moths to a flame. Oh life is so dark and depressing we should all just give up but you know that there is such like did just like there's Beautiful Stories in foster care. There's beautiful stories of people overcoming mental illness. I think I know of a prime example, I don't know if you can think of anyone named runs with - Mark I wouldn't say I've overcome mental illness. I wouldn't let it take take over your life to the point where you're not a functional human being you you've created a functional relationship. You have a career. You have a child you you I mean everyone struggles everyday when you have mental illness, but you fighting in your I think that's in a way that's a kind of overcoming.
Yeah. I mean, I've certainly tried I've certain well, it's funny.
I don't know. Interesting thing to think about overcoming kind of feels like you close the chapter, but what I like to think I've done is lift publicly in a way that shows I don't know that I'm going to beat this thing.
But just because I can't beat it doesn't mean it's going to stop me. I don't know if that's overcoming. Yeah, all this being said I very much am thankful your kind words, but literally directly before I came to this studio. I saw a shrink who asked me how I was doing and I said, I'm actually feeling a lot better lately. She said, Really because you look visibly sad and I was like whoa, because I feel a lot better. So if I'm looking sad that tells you where the starting point is been lately, which isn't yeah not to get too personal another very hard thing to reconcile. How can I be at this phase of life where I am so joyous and so happy and I have this son who everyday fills me with a sense of wonder and positivity and yet Simultaneous to that a doctor tells me I look visibly said those things can co-exist and that's a new thing that I'm figuring out.
Sorry about that. Everybody went off on a tangent there. The collar for bearing with me.
This is when we get back from the focus back up.
We're going to hear more about what it's like to be a part of this world from the collars perspective and not just mine in the meantime advertisements. Check them out. We'll be right back.
Even if you're out there trying to do the right thing eat kale salads drink smoothies that you're preparing all the ingredients yourself. I'm telling you. We all know it's still likely that you're not getting all the essential nutrients. You need on a daily basis enter ritual the obsessively researched vitamin for women ritual makes it so easy ritual really makes it easy for you to get everything you need in one place.
My wife has used ritual. He's very fond of it. I think the way that they approach everything makes sense. They're taking a lot of the stress. You don't you don't have to go and think about okay, I got to go on the internet and research every single thing now, I gotta go to the store and see if I can track down all the versions of those things know they do all that for you rituals Essentials have the nutrients most of us. Don't get enough up from food D3 omega-3. So many more all of these things in their clean absorbable forms. There's no Shady additives. There's no weird ingredients that you never even heard of of that do more harm than good to your body Better Health doesn't happen overnight. And right now ritual is offering my listeners 10% off during your first three months fill in the gaps in your diet with essential for women a small step that helps support a healthy foundation for your body visit ritual. Com stories to start your ritual today.
That's 10% off during your first three months at ritual. Com / stories.
Thanks again to all of our sponsors now that's finish off this conversation.
Simultaneous to that a doctor tells me I look visibly set at those things can coexist and that's a new thing that I'm figuring out.
You know and I can really relate to what you're saying. I really like I feel it in my core. So when my wife came back from Spain, I kind of Spun me out a little bit to to watch her be so happy and healthy and you know, and so I was kind of reflecting off of her employment. He caught chunky now like I work too much and I don't move at all and I just you know, like I all these things that I thought I was happy about I suddenly Like oh God, like I'm actually not as doing as well as I thought I was but then I saw this phrase I was looking for it's a little embarrassing but I was looking for a book to read that would like help me with this process and I found this book called first. We make the Beast beautiful and to be completely honest all I've really taken from the book so far is the title. Like I've started reading the book and it's good, but the title I think about that every day, Day now first make the Beast beautiful because there's something in most of us. I think at this point in this messy world. I think there's something in all of us that is monstrous and foreign and feels like it's taking over and can be hurting us but it's part of us write it is us in a way and so the idea of making that Beast beautiful again little embarrassing but what I picture is I feel like I felt a lot lately like It's like a lion on my chest like just like a inside me. That's just this like worry angry feral beasts. And when I think about making these beautiful, I just kind of Imagine It physically shrinking down and becoming like a little purring cat and something about that phrase has just been so comforting to me. So I don't know if that helps you at all. But I hope that you can you know in this and this time where you know there there are some struggles and know having a 7. Month old even though it's beautiful is challenging and I know life is complicated. But I hope that that making these beautiful is something that I hope it helps you a little bit like how it helped me.
Well, it really does it really does and like I said, I feel like my my whole life in this particular sphere has been this like constant over and over again realization of yeah, it's okay. It's okay to feel this way and that you'll die. You'll get dragged back into It and you'll find your way out of it and your life circumstances will change and then you'll feel like oh my in great for having things so easy and still feeling this way. Nope.
It's okay.
No, you got to feel it.
Everybody's feeling it. There's people who feel it all the time. Yeah. Anyway, anyway, how does a Let me ask you this about the foster care system because it's also interesting. You said you work in family law. So you kind of see it from multiple sides having participated in it.
I know isn't it? Great.
Yeah, that's what you have such a vast amount of perspective. How does Becoming a how does because let me think of phrases. Okay, my brother very very strenuous process to get all the paperwork together real vetting process. And then after all of the kind of infrastructure is in place think he was on a waiting list of over two years.
What's the vetting process and Foster Care like and again not to immediately condemned the sensationalized stories. And then go back to them, but the concern with them is is the foster care system one where there's as much oversight as they should be because that's what the sensationalized stories indicate is that there's not so what's the process like of becoming someone who's allowed to participate in this so it kind of a complicated process, but it's arduous, but you can get it done.
So first you take an intro class to just get you the basics then you have I think I mean and I do believe it varies from state to state. I'm in a big state and this big state the rules are I think are pretty stringent. So there's I think it's so 25 hours of basic training and then there's another 20 hours.
Don't quote me on the number of specialized for the age group you want to do so if you want to do infants versus older kids, and then you have background checks. Of course and this is a you know, FBI full background check.
You can't there's all kinds of bar. So if you have convictions for domestic felony domestic violence any kind of sexual assault any kind of anything like that even recent felonies, I think can be a bar and then you have to open God's been a couple years. So then you have home inspections so they come to your house they do.
They check like they open your cupboards. You have to lock up all your medicines with a lock at the Lock up your alcohol. We have to like you want that we so the first our first inspection they came in and they're like, oh, this is great. Look at your cute crib. You got go wonderful was a nice baby room good job good job, and then they went to test the water temperature because that's an important thing if you have the baby and the I think the maximum that can be as a hundred and twenty degrees and ours was like 210 degrees they were like, this is a problem to fix this. We're like are bad. We will not burn any babies. I promise.
So then we had to have another inspection when they came back to check the water to different day and then they do it's called. I think it's called a home study the the last part which is a very intensive.
Conversation that you have you sit down with a social worker for hours and go over everything that happened to you in your life. Like what was your parents? What were your parents? Like? What were your siblings? Like? What was their parenting style? Like what do you know about parenting? What do you have you ever experienced enough? They found to be over perpetuated domestic violence.
Have you ever taken medication? Have you ever been in therapy if you were in therapy? How did it help you or are you still in therapy if you have medications you need to get a You know a doctor saying like good job, you're doing great and all the way through up to like what your parenting skills are like what kind of things you how you want to raise the children in your home what your religious background is your whole philosophy around the foster care system and parenting I mean hours long and so they did they met with me and then the net with my wife and then they met with both of us together.
So and then they put together like a book it's like this. 50 pages so in my house right now, there is somewhere in a folder. There is a short book that describes every horrible thing in wonderful thing that has happened to me in my life and same with my wife and it's all compressed into this book.
Well, that's a weird book.
Yeah it is it is, you know about a year into foster care and I started reading it I was like, oh no, nevermind. Let's put that back so you don't need to look at that.
About blackmail I cut you off.
Oh, nothing would be got good blackmail. Material. Someone had it.
Here's an awkward question if I can get it so I may please do.
Something I wonder if they check into that.
Interested that's interesting to me because it's this type of thing that might feel necessary but also might feel problematic do they check into your financial standing they do they do?
Yeah, they so they want to know that you aren't going to be dependent on the children in order to care for them. So they they want to pay stubs and kind of like a income and expense declaration like this is how much money is going in. This is how much money is going out. It wasn't like super in depth like they didn't look at If statements or anything like that, but they did they did verify my income.
That's one of those ones that I sitting there in my head going. Well, of course they have to make sure you're financially stable. But also is this A system that If you are, you know just to be frank like if you're poor do you get to participate you know, which is kind of problem.
Yeah. No, I mean I there there's a whole range of socioeconomic status has represented in foster care. And you know, I think they just don't want you depending on that income. So I think if you meet that they if you can meet your basic needs which I know in these days is not always Easy, but if you can meet your basic needs sentence, I think you can safely say that you'll that that won't be the bar to being a foster parent.
You can put a roof over ahead and you can put food on a kid's plate and you can provide a loving home. They're gonna be happy to have you at the end of the day.
Yeah. Yeah, as long as meet all the other various requirements, and yes, yes now.
You often hear that?
Foster kids and who knows this could very much be another stereotype that's worth calling out very often hear that foster kids might be prone to behavioral issues. Now, I know you've adopted babies or fostered babies, which I would imagine their personalities are still developing so less of an issue, but do you find that to be a true thing based on your experience being around this system in other people and also in family law Oh, very interesting.
So I would say for our babies.
So there's all kinds of issues. I mean to speak more generally not so much about our specific kids. But you know there there are things that happen to the human brain when it's exposed in Euro to two very serious drugs and that can certainly cause all kinds of problems and you know, the science is still we don't really know all of the long-term consequences of Of In Utero drug use one drug babies are drug exposed but it certainly has seems to be that there are so, you know massive their mess very popular drug loss of babies born meth expose.
This is terrible. Can I tell you a little foster care Joe? It's a very dark.
Let me know if there's anybody who likes the dark joke. It's this guy.
So in my experience and in the experience of the people, I know meth makes baby smart. And Martin joke that they should put yes, the I don't I don't know. I'm not I'm an attorney not a scientist, but we joke that that should be on the foster-care recruitment poster. Don't worry less makes babies smart.
But yeah in our experience, you know, there's a lot of babies who are supposed to mess that are you know, oddly precocious and wonderful and just, you know, very exciting interesting little human beings, but also, So the other thing that happens quite frequently is a lot of meth exposed babies develop kind of like ADD ADHD like symptoms. It's not a DDS not a HD, but it seems to be a consequence of being exposed to drugs and you grow so that's something that you know can of course create behavioral problem. Then of course, there's the other side of things which is the attachment disorders. So even babies who are taken from their birth If parents with the you know, never even held by their birth parents, they can have attachment issues.
It does something really, you know fundamental to a baby's brain into a child's brain eat no matter when the child is separated from their parents to lose an attachment. So attachment disorders are quite common and those can be I mean at the extreme there's something called reactive attachment disorder and that can be absolutely We devastating that you might have heard about that from like the stories about the Russian children who lived in the orphanages and then were adopted by American families and then chase their parents around with their adopted right?
It's American Life did an amazing episode about that exact situation. Yeah.
I've heard I'm also a big fan. Yeah. So I so that can happen to reactive attachment disorder and then of course just there's a whole Spectrum so it can be minor attachment issues all the way. Up to you know this rejection of the new parent in the in the form of reactive attachment Disorder. So and then some kids have perfectly fine. Some kids come out of it unscathed either just genetically lucky just circumstantially lucky, you know, there is some evidence that again, I'm not a scientist but there does seem to be some anecdotal evidence that That having a stable family life after the separation after the trauma, whether it's the comic robust drug exposure or physical abuse or whatever the abuse they suffered that if they go into a stable home and they're loved and they're cared for and they, you know receive no needs are consistently met. Some kids are totally and completely fine. It just it just depends it just depends.
I opening we only have about six minutes left.
Oh, wow. I won. Wow really? How do you feel about the fact?
I mean people might hear this and there might be someone out there who's going, you know, I never I've always wanted to adopt and I never thought about it that way. Maybe I'll become a foster parent. I conceived I bet I bet that might happen. I bet someone might get a someone maybe is on the edge of it and actually Dives in because of this I hope so I really do.
I mean it it's hard. Not gonna lie. You do cry like you do see things. You should not see and you see children who have been affected by things that they should not have been affected by not to say which one of our children but one of our children had drug withdrawal at first and that was so hard to watch.
You know, a baby that's going on methadone know that is unbelievably hard to watch and you you know, can't straighten your body out for weeks. That's hard. Really hard, but then Are these just little people they're just wonderful magical little people who just need to think of your kid, you know, if God forbid everything went to hell in a handbasket and you needed someone out there to care for your children. All this has been a disaster everyone, you know, and love is gone. They can't take care of your son. But don't you want there to be people out there who are good and just just want to help.
And I do think that it's like there are a ton of people who have everything. It takes to be a foster parent who just are too scared or or you know they just Just I think it's probably just mostly fear that just too scared to get involved and to try it but I mean and you don't have to do it forever. You know, my wife and I just actually decided recently that I think we're going to we're going to call it after after we adopted our son.
We're going to close our license at least for a while, but you don't have to do it forever. You could help a few kids and make a difference in a few kids lives and then, you know go on with your life if that's what you know, that's what your call we ends up being. That's that's totally legit totally fine. But just if you have the power and the ability to do so, I hope the people will do it. I mean just to go if I leave my last three minutes on talking about how amazing my soon-to-be son is like I will have served the people well, but my son is some my soon-to-be son is the most incredible funny smart. Oh, he's so smart. He's wicked, but he's so smart. Heart and he is adorable. He's got we're not allowed to cut his hair one of the rules.
I really got this like little baby. Yeah, what was you know because his hair is tied into a lot of little cultural little culture that sounds wrong it tied into a lot of cultures and you know in Judaism they don't cut hair until it, you know, the more strict sect don't cut in hair until I think three Native Americans hair is very important.
So there's a rule. I don't know if this isn't every state but where you're not allowed to cut cut the hair without permission from either the the birth parents or the higher-ups. So our kid has long Lee has a baby curly mullet. It's really quite adorable. And you know, he's almost 18 months. He's hit every developmental milestone and he's so musical like we got him like one of those little baby ukuleles and helps it there and strum it somehow he has his little baby piano. He somehow knows Jesus.
I remember being a kid and like sticking out. My little pointer fingers on both hands me like ding ding ding ding ding ding ding. No my kid is like spreading his fingers out keep pressing keys with that little different fingers like magic, but how does he know how to do that? You know just a magical perfect. Wonderful. Sweet gentle. Tiny. Tiny. Human is very small.
That ridiculously small but he is perfect and there are so many of those kids out there. So many so many so yes, fuck and carries a wild Journey. But yeah, that is so beautiful and I hate to follow it up with sort of a grim question.
But just to think of the reality of it what happens what happens to kids who can't find placement are they living in is our art orphanages still at?
Thing or absolute group homes, there's group homes. So which I mean I think that's probably mostly just a fancy term for orphanage a modern term for and group from group homes are really great. But I it's not great. Like I think we should be trying to get those kids into family situations wherever possible and you know, some kids have a lot of mental health issues or developmental issues that make that impossible and that is really God is awful. But yeah, so Again, another reason for foster parents we can we can cause those group homes down and get more kids into into loving family.
Well got less than a minute left and I just want to say God forbid ever wind up in a circumstance where I can't care for my boy. And I mean, I I will pray heart and soul that never happens because he is the coolest funniest kid, but I will say that Should that day come? I hope that he is raised by same-sex couple where one of the partners has recently discovered their spirituality through walking 500 Miles through Europe.
There's worse ways. My kid worst circumstances my kid could wind up in for sure.
Well, thank you. And you know, I really wish you all the best of luck. You know, it's so nice to be able to talk to you because you know, I was near podcast every week. I didn't like the wrestling one. God bless you. But oh my God wrestling really that's your thing. It's okay.
I forgive you your son's Gonna Love res your son's gonna grow. He's gonna love wrestling that you just cursed yourself. Your son's Gonna Love wrestling Hacksaw. Jim Duggan will be his ultimate role model in life.
I didn't listen to the whole episode so I don't know who that is. But yes, I'm sure that's true. Now of course myself, but you do something incredible and you do know you do know like I hope you take a moment and just like give yourself some like some props because even when you're personally struggling the things that you're doing for the people and you don't owe it to anyone like you don't have to keep doing this if you don't want to if it becomes too hard at some point, I hope that you take the time to take care of yourself because you deserve that but you are are a beautiful human being who's doing something beautiful and bringing something beautiful to the world and I just you know, thank you.
I really you've helped me over the last few years listening to your podcast has been just a comfort, you know to hear gentle conversations between wonderful people of all the broad spectrum of humanity. It's been so fantastic.
So but I'm grateful for you very flattering and very nice. We hit an hour and then you started complimenting me. I have not cut it off. I thank you for that. But honestly at the end of the day I talk to people on the phone and you helped kids. So you're the one doing something really beautiful and I thank you for it. And for all the insight and I wish you well and congrats on the adoption.
Thank you so much Chris. It was really lovely chatting with you.
Call it.
I just want to reiterate what I said at the end of the caller. Thank you. Thanks for getting in there. Thanks for helping kids. Thanks for trying your hardest congrats on your adoption. Thanks for letting us all know what this system is really like because I legitimately do think it's gonna it changed my perspective on it and I bet it all happened with some other people to thank you so much. Thank you, too.
A little condo in the booth for the very last time. Thank you. Harry Nelson. Oh, yes, it's guys all checked out except they're texting the time discuss these sides out.
He's 3/4 of his way out the door.
Anyway, thank you shell shag for the intro music. You guys are the best can't wait to see plant beautiful Anonymous convention in most of all, thank you guys for listening and supporting the show if you really want to support CO2 Apple podcast, right? Who do subscribe it helps so much when you do we'll see you next time.
Next time on beautiful Anonymous the people in the trenches caring for our kids teaching the Next Generation the public school teachers where they at these days it affects your personal life. Like you said your friends you don't get to interact with them and your dating life. I'm sure and and all that and they basically pay you a salary that's like a high five and an Applebee's gift certificate.
How do you feel about this?
And then they're like everybody gets excited when you can wear jeans on Friday.
Oh my God.
Yeah, I will say also you don't even know until you experience it you don't even know.
That's next time on beautiful and honest.
Whats it like to be a public school teacher today? Gethard finds out from a fellow New Jerseyite. This episode is brought to you by Talkspace (www.talkspace.com code: BEAUTIFUL), Natural Disasters (www.parcast.com/naturaldisasters), and Third Love (www.thirdlove.com/beautiful).
READ LESS
Hello to all my Kelly Ripa fan Beautiful Moments. When our phone call no names No Holds Barred.
I think it'll be more New Yorkers.
I want to let you know I got a show coming up. I actually say that it if you don't have plans on New Year's Eve. I'm doing a thing. I'm doing a show in Brooklyn 7 p. M. On your seat. It'll be done by nine art curfew and I'm doing a specifically the new Parrot. I'll stay up till midnight. Then I was thinking an eight. Maybe if you're someone who doesn't want to stay up till midnight, but you still want to do something fun on New Year's Eve you come out and see this show it's gonna be stand up. I'm going to be getting a bunch of great people on it and you home 9:30 you're but ten o'clock until you two tickets at Chris get. Com beautiful follow-ups are follow-up series. It's on Stitcher premium right now use the code stories. You get a free month of Stitcher premium. It can check them all out this past Friday.
We talk to house burned down members Cedric the donkey talk to her see how she's doing see if she has a house now see how the donkey's doing and this upcoming Friday here from out of the closet. This was the caller who had committed to coming out of the closet, but had not yet done. So so A lot of people going to want to hear how he's doing.
So check out follow-ups. This week's call public school teacher from New Jersey. So, you know right away the New Jersey stuff right there. I got enough to talk about for an hour, but we focus a lot on the state of public schools what it's like to be in there as a teacher with the frustrations are out all sorts of stuff that swirls around being a school teacher.
I want to just say at the top of the collar immediately starts telling me I know you hate school you tell people to drop out of school. Or you hate it public school, and I want to say I say in the course of the call, but I'm older and wiser now and I phrase that and smarter ways. I also just in the spirit of what this call is. I just want to say I had a teacher in my public high school who actually did change my life.
Her name's Melissa Blevins, and she was the Drama teacher in my school and she told me to take her class when I was a junior said next year you're taking this drama class that she'd made it all about doing improv, and she Specifically made a point of telling me that I was funny and maybe if I didn't spend so much time being a wiseass that that was actually an asset instead of a drawback instead of everybody else rolling their eyes at me for trying to be funny. She told me it actually was a skill and I think I'm one of the few people in the world who got to live his dreams and I owe a lot of that to her. So there's a shout out to public school and opposed school teacher.
Anyway, this caller is one of the good ones as well think you're going to hear that fighting hard for the right reasons. And tell this all about what it's like in this world that we all know about. Enjoy the call.
Thank you for calling beautiful Anonymous a beeping noise will indicate when you are on the show with the host.
Hello.
Hi Hi, how are you?
How am I well, I'll tell you very honestly I had booked some acting work, which is always nice and it's for a thing. I can't talk about but that I'm pretty excited about. But they keep bringing me out to Los Angeles. And since I'm a maniac I kept saying I would love to do this, but I need to get back to New York as quickly as possible. So I keep flying out to Los Angeles one day at a time and flying back on red eyes.
So I took a red-eye last night. Oh my God half dead, but that's okay. That's good. That's a good reason to be that tired is because I'm working and it's all through the union so it counts towards my health insurance. This is good stuff.
Oh, that's good. How are you? Well, I mean, I'm good.
I'm a little I Echo your half-dead missed a little bit. I'm actually just I was putting up projects in a display case downstairs while I was on hold and I just walked up four flights of stairs so that I could get to my My classroom.
Yes wondering why haven't you said you're putting projects in a display case.
That's a very specific thing.
Yes. Say, yes. My students had sorry just got here. My students had their project due this week. So we had to put them in the display cases downstairs. And you know, it's always what you want to do. Doing after school on the 4:30 on a Friday.
So yeah. Yeah, it's all good. But II do have to say I am a New Jersey public school teacher. So God bless ya. That's cool. I'm like, I'm sorry Chris.
Listen, I mean that's that's college and I've amend I'd like to think that as I as a mature And I should have been more mature than this in my 30s, but I think that again to reiterate where I stand now before my mom. And my wife yell at me and say stop telling children to not go to college. I just think if you don't have specific goals in mind, maybe take a gap year and think about if you want to get six figures in debt because very often I have found in the real world that nobody even asks where you went to school or if you even have a college degree, but that's just me, but if you want to be a teacher or a doctor, yes, what's that?
I I completely Echo what you just said completely because A public school teacher, you know, I'm this is my seventh year and I'm still paying I'm still paying and I'll be paying for a long time and I got I I'm in the best the best position that one can be and I got a job right out of college in the field that I want to work in and you know, it's hard it's hard to to do that and to start off.
Your life with so much debt is a very daunting thing to do.
And so no, I totally and I tell my students. I mean I teach elementary school so they don't really have a concept of you know High School even but you know, I do tell them school is very important, but it is important to make sure that you Have a plan and you know what you want and if you don't then it's not college is not like the only choice that you have you do have other choices in in life.
And you know, you have to be smart about your decision making I would like to think so and I think you I'm sure this is Nationwide, but I know in New Jersey to like I had a friend who taught in one of the best public high schools in the state. Milburn I'm sure you might ml burns like one of the best public schools in the country they say absolutely and I'm not trying to slam Melbourne and I'm not trying to out this person. I don't work in the school system, but this friend of mine left because there was so much pressure on the teachers and the kids and the parents that it was a system where someone got a be parent-teacher meeting because there's so much pressure on people and so much defining asking Kids to Define themselves through the grades they get but I don't know if that always coincide with you asking them to Define themselves based on the people. They are and the values they have and yeah, and I don't know if it prioritizes happiness and I think it makes people feel like accomplishments is the only Pathway to success or happiness.
And that bothers me. I will say that bothers me.
Yes, I agree. I don't blame you because I think you I appreciate that because you know some people do but I think I think the test scores are very bad as probably the most I don't want to say the most rushing. There are a lot of frustrating things and there are a lot of amazing wonderful things about teaching that I love and that are really You know, I wouldn't trade it. You don't get it in other jobs this sense of fulfillment that I get but I think the focus on test stores and the fact that you know, not only are these students. I mean, I teach nine-year-old not only our nine-year-old held to this like standard of you know, this ridiculous standard, but Their teachers are too and you know, there are a lot of factors that come into play when a kid comes in and takes the test whether it's the standardized test there whether it's an assessment that you're giving on any given day, you know, it could be you don't know what they went through that morning at home. You don't know what whether they're feeling. Okay, whether they had breakfast whether you know, they had a fight with their parents. I mean, there are like a thousand things just like for teachers there are Many things that go into our lives before we get to school and affect our performance and I think that there's a there's this huge focus on data in education, which I think you know data has a place but it's a very human job. It's a very it's a very it's a job where you get to connect with people and you get to I interact with these students. They're in my classroom all day.
Six hours for five days a week. That's an opportunity for a connection that you can't you can't quantify with a with a number. So I really it's hard I think and there are you know, there are teachers that are on the data wagon, and I understand that and I love data just as much as the next person but I think to have it be the only focus is kind of dangerous because I think we have a very unique opportunity to influence the Next Generation and and obviously I listen to your show. So I have a big focus on empathy and human, you know connecting to a little human and and influencing their lives in a positive way.
And I think it's I think that's more important for me. To be honest with you. I think it's more important for me to make sure that they know that they have a safe space that they can talk to me about anything that we can work out problems day. And creating that environment is more important to me than how they do on a test, but it's interesting. It's an interesting environment to try to make that happen when you know, your evaluation is based on how they do on a test at the end of the year.
Will you sell one of the good ones?
Thank you. Thanks. I mean I try I really do try but it's a it's not easy. I'm I'm trying to be the best human that I can be but also the environment in my school's not the greatest at the moment. I don't want to say too much but it's just it's that's hard. You know when you don't feel supported and you don't feel like everybody's working as a team. It can be a really difficult thing with all of the other pressure.
Anyway, now I want to say this data Obsession as you pointed out with education house. I feel like this is kind of like a societal thing right like the amount.
I know a lot of people who work as like writers and we all know this from Facebook. There's times where like is people have to crank out 10 articles a day for website. You can't write 10 good things today you and it's all been out. They just want the clicks the clicks the clicks. They want the data the data.
That's how I wind up clicking on something. It'll be like a Star Wars headline when I'm like, oh, I love Star Wars grew up on Star Wars. Then you click on it. You're like, I just spent three minutes reading a thing that basically says, oh Star Wars is a movie that exists. What is it Sports? Same thing baby? I can't watch baseball anymore. I grew up. I loved the Yankees. You know, I'm in North Jersey you love the Yankees here in South Jersey.
I love the Phillies.
I don't know if you're a Yankee or a Philly fan. Nobody in Jersey really likes that I am like some people who are Yankee fan?
Okay. No, no Matt. I am a Yankee fan.
So I know I'm from North Jersey. That's great. I love that but baseball now everything's about this person's warp.
Is this oh the VoIP over It underwent it's like stop rambling about random numbers.
I just want to see somebody I just want to see if somebody can like steal a base or hit a double or get a home run or if a picture is on fire. They don't want it. I don't want all the commentary to be like well when you factor in this person's replacement rate over now same thing with basketball. Oh the plus/minus over unders, isn't it? It's like whatever happened to the old days where you just wanted to see Starks it a 3 and Oakley put someone on their ass and that's why you watch ticks.
Fun, huh?
Data.
Yep. Now you're mentioning lot of pressure for teachers Public School teachers. We know this how just let's get into the topic that I think is very on the surface that I would love to hear public school teacher talk about you face all this pressure. Okay, you got to get all these test scores up even for nine-year-olds.
You got the administration keeping an eye on everything. You got parents who are mad you got kids who might have felt emotional problems developmental process, especially Teaching nine-year-olds. I want to talk about that later to a nine. That's a weird age because some of these kids maybe yeah, maybe they're still kind of mentally six-year-old and then some of them my best friend Anthony started growing a mustache in fourth grade. I was like, whoa, you know, it's like you see these kids weird window.
Yeah, that's one of my conferences. I open it up with it. This is the biggest transitional year in every single way. So the mega just beep Baird because I mean it's like emotionally physically academically literally everything happens in the fourth grade or starts to happen. I don't want to say it happens because it doesn't everybody but but you see it and then half of your class is growing mustaches and then half of your classes like crying because they didn't get a turn during, you know, Simon says or whatever and it's like what It's a lot to manage it is you got one you got one kid.
Who's like I did I did poopy and then the next kid, you're like this kid already knows calculus. What is and maybe they're the same kids?
Yes, like what? Yep and that's gone and I don't know how it was in your school growing up but in my school growing up, we we were tracked and they had like high middle and low classes homogeneous grouping for like The core subjects are math and Ela and now we have heterogeneous grouping which means that in my classroom. I have all three levels all the time all day, which there are pros and cons to both. I don't want to say you no one is better than the other but it is there's a lot there's a lot there's a lot going on. There's a lot going on at any given time. So yeah, it's a lot too. Manage, there's a it's kind of crazy and like I'll get the like, oh, sorry, go ahead.
No, no, no and you'll get the what?
Oh, no, I'll get to like lunchtime and like I love my friends like I have two friends and like a group chat from high school and I'll get to lunch and I won't even know where my phone is and I'll have like 37 messages from my friends with like office job to like can be on their phone and they're just texting each other and I'm like, oh my God, like I can't even I can't even look at anything. I just need like quiet.
I'm going to read my book and I'm going to eat my lunch and I'm going to make my copies and maybe I'll tackle that at a later time because if that's also a thing, you know, like I don't even know where my phone is during the day. So it's just it is it's like a it's a three-ring circus for sure.
So you're dealing with this three-ring circus parents Administration test scores all sorts of Education philosophies that change on the state swim you got kids who are emotionally surging and different directions. Let's not forget. You're waking up at 5:30 6:00 in the morning every day affects your literally. Yeah, you're physically exhausted. Everybody else gets to go out for a drink. You just gotta go collapse at home. It affects your personal life. Like you said your friends you don't get to interact with them and your dating life. I'm sure and and all that and they basically pay you a salary that's like a high five and an Applebee's Certificate how do you feel about this and then an O and the best and teachers will jump all over this and then they're like everybody gets excited when you can wear jeans on Friday, we get to wear jeans tomorrow and oh my God.
Yes. Yeah. It's but I have to say, you know, it does it's a it's something that you sign up for. You know going in that like all of this stuff is the way it is I will say also you don't even know until you experience it you don't even know it's like the difference between like when you get your your permit and you're driving with your parents and then like you learn more on that first day of having your license and driving by yourself, we are like too close to the curb there. You know like that is what teaching is like, it's just like you jump into the deep end and you kind of handle things.
Like a minute at a time because you have to there's just there's nothing that can prepare you for it.
And then they say education is the most important thing education is the most important thing and hey the people who are your children's Guides Through education, we pay your pennies on the dollar and you might need to my need to pick up a side gig on the weekend and we want to break your Union on top of the end. We want to destroy your union and we and there's all this.
Smear campaign against your union all this stuff.
Yeah, they don't like the teachers get it. No.
No, they don't think what are we what we're paying teachers what like $30,000 a year to take care of our kids. It's got a zit more than that. It's got to be more than that now right. It's more than that.
It's more than that. Yeah, but it so we have like an increase in Pay but now we with chapter 78 in, New Jersey.
You have to pay an enormous amount of your health care. So like that's been something that's like been really it really has affected people salaries more than anything else. It has been the health care because that is its and Health Care is expensive for everybody.
But yeah, it's a it's a it would be nice. It would be nice to move out of my parents. But not really feasible for me at the moment and you sent other believe it.
You said you've been teaching for seven years.
Yeah, so this is yeah well and I'm not judging at all. But you said Monsanto? No, it's okay judge.
No not judging but for everybody listening, I know if you've ever been at a dinner conversation dinner table conversation when you start going. Oh this teachers union is the problem. Think about this. This means you're in your late 20s, you're teaching our kids. Yeah, you're busting your ass. You're living with your folks and you just said part of that is the pay issue.
That's not okay with me. That's not okay. Not when someone who not when someone's job can be if when someone's like I find I find poor families whose homes are being foreclosed on and then I flipped the homes after they go bankrupt and those people can be millionaires and that's fine. Yeah, that's fine and a capitalist Society but what's not fine with me is that you're sitting here saying I'd love to move out of my parents house, but between my student loans and my health insurance and the teacher pay rate, I can't that's the part. That's not okay.
Now, yep.
Guys, let's go ahead and pause the shop. I think a lot of us might agree with what I would just went on capitalism as a dark side some might say capitalism as its disease. Anyway, we've got a lot of products and services that our sponsors like to menu advertisers. Hey guys, check it out participate in the capitalist system used the promo codes when you do it really helps the show will be right back.
With joy bird your personal one-of-a-kind style should match your furniture bring your mood boards to life with hundreds of customizable pieces and over 50 Fabric and leather options Three Shades of wood and over 250 unique Silhouettes from Joy bird fabric Swatch kits allow you to see and touch all of their Fabrics to find the perfect choice tell you what I am moving to a house instead of an apartment going out got ourselves.
A joy bird couch and I'll tell you why it's not because they're an advertiser's because they're a good company my wife loves their stuff. So we got to have this as the centerpiece of our living room Joy bird. It's no joke each piece is made with Ultimate Care and precision using real wood and responsibly sourced materials without all those harmful chemicals create furniture that matches your own Fearless style at Joy bird. Com, / beautiful 25, see how Joy bird can help make your dream space or real?
T today at Joy bird. Com beautiful 25 go to Joy bird. Com beautiful 25 receive an exclusive offer for 25% off your first order by using the code beautiful 25. When you are busy like we all are the first thing that falls to the bottom of the list tends to be taken care of yourself people tend to say I have time or money for that but talk space online therapy is the most convenient and affordable way to get the support of a licensed therapist talks space matches you with a licensed therapist based on your needs and preferences with thousands of licensed therapists trained in over 40 Specialties available.
Send your licensed therapist texts. Audio picture or video messages from your phone or computer whenever you need to you don't have to make appointments everything happens within talk spaces secure platform all on your schedule therapy turned my life around I started doing it when I was 23 years old and I turn 40 this year.
It's a massively important thing in my life. I know so many people who say the same thing, and I'm so happy that talk space has been Not just a supporter of this show but a supporter of finding modern ways to allow people to take care of their mental health. What a beautiful thing. The bottom line is that life can be hard and talk space wants to give more of us a chance to get the support. We need at a price we can afford so listener of this podcast. You can get $100 off your first month on talk space to match with your perfect therapist. Go to talk space. Com or download the app, make sure to use the code beautiful to get $100 off your first month.
And show your support for the show. That's beautiful at talk space. Com.
Thanks to all of our advertisers to get back to the conversation.
But between my student loans and my health insurance and the teacher pay rate, I can't that's the part. That's not okay.
Now, yep, I know but also it is also North Jersey red is just astronomical it is as it is.
I'm I'm looking into moving back there. You'll love this. Okay. First thing I want to say is I knew you were from North Jersey. I knew you weren't just someone working in, New Jersey, but that you grew up there because you don't you don't have much of an accent but the way you say the Very the way you say V ery, that's when I was like, yep.
Barry is very very and how do you say eight and maybe you don't say it. But how did we grow up saying horr ible?
Horrible horrible horrible heart every time you imitate your mom. I'm like, oh my gosh, we do say that horrible.
Terrible coffee door Mork. It's nor candle RK norc.
I know now I'm telling you. I'm you know, I have my son now. I don't want to be raising this kid in the city.
So he's so cute. By the way, thank you.
I love them. Everybody tells me he should be the next Gerber baby kids cute. Seriously.
Thanks simple. I can't get over there buddy loves his temples in his long eyelashes.
And everybody thinks he's a girl because of his beautiful eyelashes, which is such a weird thing to say and be proud of no, it's not these beautiful in every way.
Now you were saying North Jersey we're thinking of moving back there because I got I was on the subway three days ago the subway. Later at 2:00 in the afternoon. I'm like and and no one even stop. We all none of us even stopped and he was keeping it in his pants. His hand was in his pants. He didn't take it out and it wasn't that's where my Humanity has come to where it's just we're on a train like as long as you don't take it out buddy just finished fast. Like I can't be in the city and but my dad says to me goes hey, I spent my whole life escaping those Essex County taxes.
You better not go back to that.
I've lost a move to making out with these days.
I can't go pay 20 grand and axes.
I know my sister. I have to say my sister just moved to West our end and our Tech not none of us nuts in there my old Hometown the the access to the city everybody's moving out of the city and to Essex County because it's on that train line Montclair me, but what's up?
Your westerns is like becoming a cool spot now, which is astounding to me as someone who There it's not even on the train line.
Yeah, it's like in the in between the towns. Yeah.
No, you take the Jitney to South RN didn't have the Jitney when I heard about this Jenny and I heard they turned the old Thomas Edison factories into like high-class condo lost which is insane because this was giant abandoned factories. My mom actually grew up on a block that was her house was demolished to expand the factories and that was a rough-and-tumble part of town.
Sometimes people will tell me now and I won't either The tangent people tell me like, oh, you're always you talk about westerns. Like it was a like it's a tough place that's like a rich town and I'm like, maybe it is now but you know what, let's talk about this.
Let's talk about this actually.
Okay, this is half a teaching thing and half a jersey thing right here.
Jersey is the most densely populated state. I want you to I would never ask you what district you're in. I know that that's a big No-No. That's a big knot we can you speak to the fact of how weird is it in New Jersey that you might be in one town in a public school that has the highest rated like Milburn. I mentioned one of the highest-rated public schools in the country, but then you might also know the reputation the high school I went to West Orange High decent but not a great reputation Columbia High where all the maple all these people moves Maplewood all these new like all the Brooklyn money's gone either then High School is not known as being its it was always known growing up a little bit of a tough school and then we have five minute drive apart. Even in West Orange. Like there are really you might go to school and one part of town where the elementary school is really nice, but the Washington School I grew up down that my first house was down the block for watching School. My brother went here till 3rd grade that school was built in I think the 1800s and there's trailers classrooms in the parking lot and some kids and some neighborhoods. Have a great and some kids don't and Jersey. It's like this these towns next to each other where yes, some of them are rough and tumble and then you're right next to real wealth and athletically talk about this house as if I don't know what kind of school you're in how much of these class crossovers you see, but it's a very very interesting.
Adjusting part of life in general and in Jersey since it's so dense. You see it really up close.
Yes, and because there's there's so many small towns. There's so many small towns that are really close together. And so you go from one to the other and you're like it's a huge difference. I even see it in my town which is a small poem and I beg you go from and it's small I mean like, Maybe two square miles and you go from one side of the town to the other side of the dumbest like oh like this is the same town. It's crazy. It's crazy and there are even it doesn't matter how big the district is you could have a small town in New Jersey and have one side of town that has all of you know has I hate to say it this way but like to the to family houses and people Were the the the low-income housing and all of that seems to be on one side of the town and you have this huge dichotomy between the schools and I mean we see it in my district. I thought in my I mean might the town that I grew up in is we only had one Elementary one middle school, but it's in a lot of towns and I think the Answer at least in some schools that I've seen is a lot of districts are going to one, you know, kindergarten first second grade building and then 1/3 and forests grade building and then having a true middle school instead of having multiple elementaries and multiple middle schools. I think to kind of cut down. The differences between you know one side of town to the other that's really interesting.
So they're trying to make sure all the kids from all areas of town meet each other early and have the evidence will experience from because I tell you it and again people sometimes roll their eyes so hard but I'm 40, so I don't like you're saying a lot of a lot of hipsters and what not moving out to my old Hometown. That's great. I want to see the place doing good, but I'm telling you. You I there's two middle schools in my town and My but I had a buddy who I went from kindergarten through college with and we lived together two years in college and we lived in the same neighborhood and we lost touch and about I don't know in in our 30s. We I tracked down his number actually call. I was like, I wonder if his mom still has the same phone number and I called me got his cell from her and we met up at a bar in New York. He walks in he goes first thing out of his mouth. He goes dude Edison Middle School fucked up my whole life first thing he It is like the fact that we went like going to the school on the rougher side of town. There was it was tough and then you go to the high school and you see this all over New Jersey high schools where there's kids who on their 17th birthday drive to school in a brand new BMW.
And then they're there in the same lunch room with kids who are on food stamps and neither what neither lifestyle is right or wrong, but holy shit. Is that a balancing act for people like a view right trenches? And sometimes the administration's don't want to necessarily deal with all the stuff that's happening and and kids are feeling starting sound. Anyway, I'm on a ran time. You met called it you were you called it at the start.
I was like, no.
I have no problems with public schools and now here I am like that. Last disparity the 1% We got to be throwing bricks through occupied Public Schools. Anyway, it's up to you talk to you talk.
I'm being really honest with you education. No, no education is like it's definitely one of those issues that like I found there's nobody that's neutral on it. There's nobody like there are very let's just say there are very few people who are neutral there. Are you either have very very strong feelings in Art of public education and and teachers and and that whole thing or you have a lot of resentment and you know not great feelings about public education and it is I think it's something that people feel like they know because they went through it, you know, like so they went through Public School in my public school.
This happened and these teachers did this we watched These all the time and you know now if we want to show an educational movie, I'm like freaked out. I have to have like eight reasons why we're showing it how it connects to what and it's like God like, you know it sometimes sometimes it can be an educational tool, you know, like a but I think that there's this perception that like that, you know, we come in and you know, we don't feel like teaching so we just throw on a movie. It's like no Bill Nye is actually the best and I enjoy watching them because I learned a lot from him till Bill Nye sure.
Now, let's talk because a lot of people have a problem with tenure which I don't is that only a college thing.
I forget because I'm old no, no, it's a thing because it's a thing now, how do you respond? Like I get it like Bill Nye sure. Absolutely, but I distinctly remember taking a class on law where the teacher was 10 years. And we watch The Shawshank Redemption in high school and that that movies long that eat up like a solid three or four days of class time. And I don't know if you learn much about law.
Yes shit, and I don't know if he would have been showing that if it is his first handful of years teaching Exactly.
Yes, I do understand that and usually when people say that I you know, I talked to friends that work in offices. Like I just talked to my friend that works at a at an office and she was just like yeah, I went in and no one's here. So I'm like getting a jump on my Christmas shopping. I'm like, oh that's like people get to do that. Like that's nice to not have to You know sit in on, you know, like schedule the time that I'm going to go Amazon Christmas shopping on my weekend between all of the other things that I have to do.
Like, I think that that's in every industry sometimes.
You know, you need a break I get showing movies all the time, but I don't know anybody that shows movies all the time ever. I don't I don't it doesn't happen at least not in my school.
We're all working really hard and I'm bringing up the Shawshank think mostly for a laugh but I understand completely what you're saying is no it's the type of thing people. But but it's the thing that used to happen maybe and I'm sitting there going. Well that happened when I was a kid and I was in high school and I took that class.
1996 or what the hell do I know really, you know and you're not and I'm going to be honest. I'm not saying that there aren't bad teachers because I know that teachers to and I'm not I think it's it's hard because it's such a such a subjective thing. It's like my favorite teacher could have been somebody's worst teacher, you know, because you're dealing with humans, you're a human and you're dealing with humans and As a teacher you can't you can't.
How do I want to say it? You can't anticipate every interaction you're going to have with you know, twenty students every single day and make sure that they're all positive because you're a human yourself. I think you have to give as a teacher. I mean, I know I have to give myself permission to be like, you know, what you've had a hard week the kids have been working really hard you can take a period and you know, watch a movie. I don't know.
You know the worst thing and if it has value, of course, I'm not trying I promise I'm not trying to make you defend yourself.
I was just it was a funny real preference.
I know you let me ask you and then that being said I also had a had a I think it was a criminology course in high school. Were you watch 7 laughter? That's like all kinds of inappropriate.
So that teacher just needed a break. That's but you're clearly not. I see you're on a Friday at 4:30 p. M. Hanging up your kids project. Like you're not somewhat you you are a person who values hard work and understands it and teaching and I'm not I made you defend yourself. I feel bad.
I feel bad now. No, it's okay. That's all right. Listen, I got to be honest. We're used to it. Yeah do it.
I'm sure myself.
I'm sure I can't tell you how many times I've been at a bar and like my friend has to be like we're going to have to leave if you can't. Like engage the guy next to you who's talking about like teacher pensions and tenure like, you know, we have to leave because I'm going to start something right and then you're like listen.
It's 6:30 p. M. I should be getting home. Anyway, I've gotta grade papers and then be in bed in 45 minutes.
Yeah, our pass out on the couch with the papers on the couch with you.
Oh, that's a sad moment when you wake up.
Yeah, it's like like to 40 bucks. 2:45 in the morning is me and you're like, oh I guess you got pain on your face. And now you mentioned there's some bad teachers.
I don't want you to speak specifically like pot shots at people, you know, what constitutes a bad teacher I'll tell you what I look back on I remember Teachers and some of them I liked in the moment but the teachers who needed the kids to think they were cool. I look back on Mike that all those people now that I'm 39 and I'm like older than a lot of the teacher. I'm a anyone who needs like a 14 year old to think you're cool.
Yes, you're not you're not a teacher my kids feed dealing with that's my thing. I look back over weird. Okay for you. What's a good teacher with a bad teacher?
Well good and bad are such. A difficult word to use because like I said, like I mean, I also had a teacher in middle school that literally just she didn't like me because she didn't like my brother and so she like I got in trouble all the time and I was not I was a huge people pleaser and I there was nothing that I could do. You don't know how much we haven't got going through school being the younger sibling of an older brother who Who fucked with teachers? Oh, my brother was such a wiseass and the teachers.
Yeah, I had to prove to them like hey, I'm not gonna I'm not that's not me.
I'm not at least give me a hint really no and I'm one of four, I do to above me and one below me. So my younger brother really had to make a name for herself. All I will say he likes to He tells the story that he based off of what teacher he was dealing with. He would tell them who sibling he was so, you know, if they really like that person.
Yeah, he's very smart very resourceful. But yeah, I mean it yeah, go ahead before I want you to tell me a good teacher Bad Teacher, but I got a story for you that you're gonna love.
Okay. There's this teacher in my eyes Okay teacher in my high school who actually liked actually like that. Then one day she was very clearly having a bad day and before school she in high school in the hallway. She pulled me aside started yelling at me about like an extracurricular club that she ran that I had been in and then had quit started really raising her voice. And I mean it was before I was like, whoa, what is I think immediately even as a young kid, I was like what is going on like this exhaust and I kept trying to walk away and she's like don't walk away from me and now everybody's watching and I was like, I just don't I'm not into it anymore. I want to quit and she yells.
This is what I expect from a gethard.
It's a reference to my older brother in front of all these people watch and everybody I just froze and everybody want you felt all the kids, you know, when kids like go from a who to like, oh something in a fight that kids aren't real and I was real worked up and I went back to my homeroom class. Somebody asked me why I was so upset and I ranted and raved and then finally went to the office and she was going to get in a lot of trouble and administration was like that's not good.
Then my homeroom teacher I was a young young man surging with Angry Young Man hormones and in the course of me venting about it in my class I said and I apologize I would never say this today. I said, I don't get it.
I don't get why she's being such a cunt.
I don't get it and I was an Angry Young Man. We were raised in North Jersey where words are often. I said that our regrettable words we grew up with a lot of room and they basically said listen if you don't get her in trouble for disparaging your family name, then we won't get you in trouble for dropping the sea bomb.
But like you said the young Brothers anyway, and oh, here's the best part. So I'm doing my TV show. This is gonna be a long tangent and I'm eating up your time apologize. But I think I like this so pretty promoting my TV show I get booked on the Kelly Ripa show.
Everybody gonna pause we can do some ads but I'm telling you if you're not gonna and want to turn this one off because you're about to hear your boy gets go off on a tale of Revenge. I know that Kelly Ripa doesn't sound like it's going to lead to a Revenge Redemption Dale, but it does so come back for that and more.
Have you ever needed a doctor late at night or while traveling? I know this feeling I travel all the time travel all the time. You get on a plane you feel fine. You get off the plane and all of a sudden something's hitting you you're in a city that you don't know it can be scary. Right? That's why I tell the doc gives you 24/7 access to board certified doctors anytime anywhere for non emergency conditions, like a sinus infection allergies flu rashes and more that are board certified doctors can diagnose treat.
And prescribed medication when medically necessary to be delivered to the pharmacy of your choice tell the doc is available through most insurance or employers at $45 or less a visit no appointments. No waiting rooms. None of those germy urgent cares or expensive trips to the ER one of tell the docs testimonial States.
I am an RN and I have little time for personal issues. Let alone being sick while caring for the ill this service called me after setting up an account and requesting and MD visit in minutes the service is actually amazing and I only wish I would have utilized it sooner. There's a great review for you.
Tell the doc is here to get you back to feeling your best no matter when or where you are download the app today or visit Tela doc. Com stories to register today. So you're ready when you need a doctor's care or schedule a doctor visit today. Don't forget to download the app or visit Tela doc. Com stories.
Thanks to all our advertisers and now let's hear more from our teacher friend. Promoting my TV show I get booked on the Kelly Ripa show. I like what this is. My mom's favorite show Regis. This is the old Regis slept. So I go on Kelly Ripa sure thing.
Well Kelly Ripa. I love the pride of North Jersey.
Absolutely. So I go on a show. I'm dancing with Kelly Ripa. I wear a little sweater and some nice pants. I've chichay charm her. She's so Charming so I get a message from my old history teacher, hooyah. That me and she said I can't believe you were on the Kelly Ripa show and I said I was so mad. Just reading her name and I just said yes. I was tried to make it clear.
I'm in my thirties now. I don't need to bow down and there's some bad feelings, but I wasn't going to vent it and then she said something else. And she was clear kind of poking the bear and she was like Oh, I wish I could remember what she said, but she was like, yeah, I have so many memories of you and I was like really was one of them the time you cornered me in the hallway and yelled that's what I would expect from a gathered in front of a hallway of my peers making me feel ashamed for being from my own family. Is that one of your memories and I type that and sent it she was like, wow I shouldn't have done that. I'm like, yeah. No you shouldn't have and then we just never messaged again never message to you, but I got my revenge in my He's I was able to say hey, I'm a grown-up now and I'm able to say this to you.
Anyway, yeah, and I mean listen no and those are the types of Ria interactions that like, you know it what bothers me. I mean the whole thing bothers me the whole thing. But like the fact that she didn't even remember saying that that well that's annoying becoming like a a list celebrity for a minute there.
That's the thing all of a sudden see people post on Facebook just kids from my neighborhood.
He's the pride of down the hill West aren't my foot really you beat the shit out of me and the Our Lady of Lourdes parking lot.
Now you saw me they saw me on Conan and I'm the pride of your neighborhood.
No. No I said anyway, what's a good teacher? No, no notnot to ensure see kid. We hold grudges. I've made it way too much about me. What's a good teacher? What's a bad teacher? What are the bullet points?
Well, I believe that.
I just I think at least what I try to do with my students is connect with them and model being a good person model being somebody who values learning somebody who values hard work responsibility is a really big thing taking responsibility for your words and your action and in an authentic way. And trying to just trying to create good people and I think that you know, when I look back when I was a student the most impactful thing for me was were the teachers that cared about me especially coming from a big family. Ali they sue my entire family all of my teachers some of them had my my mom when she went through the school system. So she the teachers that took the time to get to know me as an individual outside of all of that and me as a learner and tried to really help me become a good person and to accept my mistakes and to kind of lift me up in that way.
That's what made the most impact on me as a student. And so I try to do that for other for hold on one second.
And thank you. Sorry. I got to try to come in and clean my room podcast spilling the tea about the system.
You know, that's what I try to do. I try to be that person for them and I try to you know, just try to give them the tools that is going to give allow them to be. Successful and so That's I want them to be successful in life. Whatever that means for them. And so You know, I think that's what a good teacher is. I think that they recognize that these are human beings and that they have a very unique opportunity to to touch a lot of lives and to I mean the best thing is when students come back, you know, I'm in an elementary school when students come back and they, you know talk to you when they want to know your opinion and they want to get your advice and for me I can teach you about multiplication and I can teach you about all of those things but after school is going to come to an end at some point and you're going to need a lot of life skills that are going to make you good humans and our goal and you're going to form the world that I'm going to live in if I ever retire so so that's what I that's that's my goal is to you know, I think that that's a good teacher somebody who recognizes that you're you you're working with children that you have a unique opportunity to reach them in a way that no one else really has and for me.
That's a good teacher because those are the good teachers when I went to school.
Bad Teachers I don't know the ones that I those are the teachers that I gravitate towards as a professional those teachers that recognize that part of the job. Those are the teachers that I seek advice from. Those are the teachers that I gravitate towards.
That teachers is a is a hard. It's a hard cuz it's different for everybody, you know.
But I think that the ones that try that they the ones that frustrated me the most of the ones that like make sure that they look good in front of the administration and they check all the boxes and they I mean the ones that kiss ass basically sorry Sally and you know, and then you don't have to apologize for a sigh recently said content.
So you're good.
She's already turned this one off as soon as she heard. Youngest son of say cunt Jesus.
Anyway, you're saying now three times. Yes.
Yes knocking it hard.
So yeah, I mean like those those are the ones that are just doing it for the show and that really bugs me because it's not always perfect. It's not always it doesn't always look good. It doesn't always it's very messy and and I think that it doesn't do us any favors when you know, you try to make everything look perfect and and you check all the boxes and you know, have you really done your job if you ask if I asked one of my kids who was there, you know, who is your second grade teacher and they're like, uh, you know, like for me, that's the most important part of my Job, and so I don't know and sometimes to just not going to get what you're teaching them. They're just not and it's okay. Like you say you do walk around with the calculator all the time in your pocket. So I mean as long as I can keep when you use the calculator.
Oh, no, really that makes me so sad that you're quoting my anti-education rants from a different episode.
Oh, no, I know it is true. No because that's a common thing that people say like when am I going to use this why and it's not about the it's not about the using it's not about the actually you can I use my calculator all the time, but you need to know when to use it. So if I can teach you that and I can teach you how to use it appropriately then I think I've done my job.
Let me ask you this what I'm not topic because I I've ranted about math before and you clearly heard it and I'm a little ashamed of that right but let me ask you this.
You should not be well what it ties into a question that I think you have Insight on which is that and I may have mentioned this on the show before but I want to hear your opinion.
I love school. I love school until fourth grade, which is very interesting to be talking to you because here's the thing. So third grade in West Orange there is this thing called the high aptitude program where like the A really smart three four five kids from each Elementary School were sent to the Board of Education building to have like advanced classes. This is very elitist. You know, I look back and I don't love but so I was in a rare situation where I was in the high aptitude program, they put me on a bus and have me leave my school to go hang out with the other smartypants kids think it was on Wednesdays and then I would get bussed back to my elementary school and later that same day I would take this.
National math class Because when it came to creative writing I would sit there and you'd have to pull me away from the desk history. You'd have to pull my nose out of the book and I could memorize everything like I read a thing and be able to quote it back to the teacher and then math. I mean I drive back on the bus the same day and I'd be in the math class where and I'm not disparaging. I was in the class where but it would be like baseballs cost $2 a football costs 550.
How many of each do you have to buy for it to Total $14? Ever was and I'd sit there so frustrated and unable to do the math. Yeah, and I'd be worked up sometimes I would cry I'd go to the bathroom to cry because I didn't want it and here's the problem I have with my education experience and I don't know if maybe it's something about some means. No it was on the system back then maybe it's changed what I never understood looking back on it was Legitimately, why did I have to do math?
And I ask that as a legitimate question because if they had told me hey, yeah in fourth grade.
It was clear. I'm not going to pursue anything academic or professional ever that we had math. I I look back. I've come to learn that there's actually like a version of Dyslexia relating to math that I wonder if I have caused to this day. I can't do simple math in my head. Why didn't they why don't they pull kids like me aside and go.
Yeah. The history and creative writing guy not make you worry as much there's there's other stuff for you to do. Why can't they do that?
Well, I think because because things might surprise you, you know, like hmm. I I never thought that I was going to be I mean listen, I was like obsessed with reading when I was I was not as good in math. It didn't make as much sense to me. I could memorize stuff which is why I did well until high school because then I couldn't apply it to any higher math concepts. Yeah that critical thinking but Yeah, I couldn't do any of that because I was just memorizing I was like, oh you put the one up here. Okay. Now you added to the all of those. Okay, I can do that and I can produce the right answer just hearing you sing.
Karaoke.
I don't know to this day where you put the one anyway, you go you go you go. I will say I think you know, we teach math very very very diff and you'll see when your son goes to school. We teach math very differently and ice. I think a lot of parents are frustrated by it. That's mostly what I talk about. When I have parent-teacher conferences. Is there like when I help my son or daughter with with homework, I can't do it. So I just tell them the way that I do it and then you know, I'm just being very upfront and I understand that because when I became a teacher I had to relearn how to do all of that too because we teach it a very different. Way, it's a lot more focused on like number sense and manipulating numbers in different ways. I think it goes a little overboard. Sometimes there's you know, there has to be some sort of a middle ground when it comes to the calculation. I mean, they do need to know how to calculate numbers, you know, but guess so, alright, I'll begrudgingly give it to you. It's good kids know how to add I think so, I'll begrudgingly admit it I but also if you if you asked me when I was in school, what kind of a teacher I was going to be I would have never said a math teacher ever ever ever. I would have said I want to be in ela teacher because I love to read and I that's like the world where I can be myself, but but then I taught special. Ed math for five years and I loved it. I loved teaching math and it's I think it's because I understand the kids who are like this makes no sense to me and I'm like, yeah, you're right. It doesn't let's make it make sense.
So I think well I could have used you I needed you.
My whole life would have been different I think.
The the tides I think that that's the goal and I know that I know that there are a lot of parents that are frustrated with math. And oh my God the Facebook posts about like, can you believe this? Look how much less time it takes? It's like yeah, but you know what you're really doing. Do you were you able to apply any of that, you know algebra when you got to high school probably not and you know, it could have it could have impacted me if I learned math this new way.
Maybe it maybe it would have impacted my life in a different way. I don't know but I know that I can help kids who don't get masked understand it a little bit more.
Is this all new way you talk about the one where I hear they got a touch their fingers together all the time that a thing now, that's that's your fingers and now you know how to divide heard about this.
Yeah, it's more like breaking numbers down and manipulating them in different ways and really it gives you a better understanding of What you're actually doing when you're multiplying when you're dividing when you're adding and subtracting. I feel like they get a better number sense. And also again with the human aspect. You got to understand that you know what sometimes you're not going to use it. And so, you know, you just you got to you got to move on and then you won't use it and that's not going to you know, make a difference.
I want to be clear. You said you need to teach kids what they're doing in their mouth. Applying dividing. I knew what I was doing when I was multiplying dividing. I was sweating through my clothes and having a panic attack. That's what I was doing every math test. I took in seventh grade. The guy was the girls soccer coach and he was he was like coach tough it out every math test. I had I would have diarrhea would go to the bathroom. He thought I was cheating on my test and hiding a math book in there. I'm like, no this gives me so much anxiety that I get diarrhea every time.
Oh, does anybody want to address that? Help me as a kid. No, you're on your own Wolves.
Yeah, I mean, I definitely I definitely believe me. It's definitely very different than when when even I went to school. Yeah it is. It's a different. It's a different environment. I think it is it is different and there are different challenges to and when you see that I have to imagine when you see a kid who's scared of me?
Math, like I was or who is terrified to read a story they wrote because they're not the creative writing kid and then by the end of the year, they love math or they write a beautiful story that all the other kids like and then they get together proud of that. You must be that must be why you're like This is why I hang up the projects when I should be going home on it yesterday.
That's got to be the best.
Absolutely it is the best it is the best it is the you know, or like you when they Echo things that I've said to them like like I was having a really rough day and these kid brings us little index card up to me and she goes and she just gives it to me and then like goes on. Ends up and it's just like this beautiful note about like you work so hard and your you really care about us and you're such a good teacher and I'm just really happy to be in fourth grade. It's just like, oh my God what like this is this is what that is, if you could just bottle that and you know quietly weep in that moment and then get that framed immediately.
Oh, yeah, and then you and then you bring them to special and Then you openly we your classroom because you know, it's just I mean within at the end of a at the end of a Friday.
Many times you're weeping because of something like that or because of something else. I mean, it's a very emotional job for me.
If I don't know if I'm doing the math, right which again I'm probably not but you've been teaching for seven years fourth grade. This means your first wave of kids is probably going to go off to college in the next year.
Well, or maybe you didn't always teach for not exactly only because I didn't always teach fourth grade.
Got it. Yeah, so I started off but actually yeah, I think when I started off, I mean General Ed teacher now I started off in special ed and and my first kids I taught a fifth and sixth grade combined class. So my this is the first year that I will have seniors graduating that I taught which is so I guess you're right. Yeah, but it's it's kind of crazy. It's kind of crazy that I and it because it doesn't seem that long ago.
It doesn't seem that long ago that I had them. You know, those memories are still very fresh. So yeah, it's and they do like a walkout at the the end of the year they walk through the building and we you know, we clap for them and all the seniors that are going to graduate high school that year and it's going to be the first year that I actually know kids that are that are graduating. So it's that's a I mean mostly it makes me feel old my sister my sister. I'm from a family of teachers. So my sister is also a teacher.
She sent me a screenshot of one of her former students. She's a middle school teacher. One of her former student was running for Council.
I can't vote for that guy careful for that kitty couldn't even had listen.
You want your mind blown. We've been talking for over an hour.
Have we really?
Yeah, we're like a minute over already. It's one flew man.
There were so many other things.
I know about unfortunate. I had to ramble a lot of I get revenge on my sophomore year history teacher. So sorry about that.
I do it probably I do want to say a couple of things.
First of all, thank you because despite all my blustery opinions on school. I know that the real deal teachers that are getting in there and rolling up their sleeves to help kids that those are heroes that those are heroes and they're doing things the right way. And I rant about the bad experience because I'm an exaggerated but I need to thank you and I need to thank all the other teachers out there doing things the right way.
And like I said at the beginning you're all criminally underpaid in the public schools. Your union is a good thing not a bad thing. And and I hope that you keep fighting the good fight and let me thank you again sincerely you offered a lot of perspective. I'm also so happy to hear a lot of the things that I'm bitter about from when I was a kid that you're like, no, we do things really differently.
And most of all North Jersey baby go Yanks.
That's right. We also have a wellness period now in our schedule. So yay for mental health. I would have loved that.
Glad to hear it. Thank you for doing what you do.
All right. Thank you Chris. It was so nice to talk to you.
I want to thank our teachers so much for filling Us in sorry guys that I was so exhausted enabled with some story to help they entertained you and I hope that we still managed to hear a lot about what life is like right now on the front lines teaching also wanted to plug a site I learned about it. I did Stephen Colbert's doing and they give out gift certificates this site that I've later contributed to on my own as well.
It's called donorschoose. Org. There are a lot of public schools that are so underfunded that teachers are actually Responsible for buying their supply and when I say buying their supplies, I mean you can go on this site and find classrooms with teachers safe, please we need pencils.
We need markers that are dried out.
We need an iPad if we can get a used iPad to run education programs on it would help these kids donorschoose. Org. I think is such a Well intentioned site.
You can find actual classrooms run by individual teachers in your town or just County your Hood where there are kids who need stuff and you can throw in a couple bucks and help them have literal notebooks pencils art supplies. So the site well worth checking out.
Thank you so much for considering thank you for calling. Thank you Jared O'Connell in the booth.
Thank you shell shags to the music want to know more about me Chris gets. Com you like Joe go to Apple podcaster a tree you subscribe really really helps when you do thank you so much for support.
Cocaine in kitchens, the widespread impact of a South Park episode on Yelp and review culture. A chef brings Geth behind the scenes of restaurant kitchens and then gets deep and reflective. This episode is brought to you by Bayer, Brooklinen (www.brooklinen.com code: STORIES), Morgan & Morgan (www.forthepeople.com/stories), and Bombas (www.bombas.com/stories).
READ LESS
Hello to everybody sprinting through the woods before Anonymous. It's one hour and phone call. No names No Holds Barred.
Hello everybody, Chris get wait here. Thanks for listening to beautiful Anonymous. Hey, if you're in San Francisco don't hit the best forward on the intro later. We're doing a live taping and you have been doing many live tapings lately. San Francisco. Sketchfest is having us out doing that and they're also very kindly doing a tribute to the Chris gethard show panel or need a bunch of other people from the show and be there showing clips and having a q9 celebrating a thing. I was very special in my life so free to check that out to no pressure Chris get. Com, okay.
This week's episode. I looked at the clock at one point was like, oh, wow this flew by this guy's a chef and I think we all know you can tell from TV these days so many cooking shows so many personalities that it's like, oh that's like a hidden high-pressure world with its own systems in place and you don't really know about them if you if you're not actually working in that world, and it was just cool. It's just cool to hear his perspective and then also started to In about his philosophy on faith and politics and why he wants to prioritize being a human.
It's really cool. And he also tells us how much cocaine is consumed in kitchens. Anyway, enjoy the call.
Thank you for calling beautiful Anonymous a beeping noise will indicate when you are on the show with the host.
Hello.
Hey, how are you doing?
I'm pretty good. I took I took a red-eye tonight to go. Yeah, this Cressman took a red-eye to you've been going back and forth Allah in New York, right who whole bunch it's good because I'm working but taking, you know, I'm acting like a crazy person. They're bringing me out to act on a show that I can't talk about yet, but I'm excited to tell you about later and they'll fly me out and be like and only filming for one day and I'm like, well, I gotta fly back because I got to get back to my son so that I'm staying in La for like 20 hours.
One time I stayed there for 14 hours. That's insane Behavior. Anyway, that's how I'm doing. How are you?
I'm well and your life is completely different from mine. I've flown once in my phone once in my life. So I don't understand the back and forth kind of Lifestyle really we've been on an airplane one time one time and when we landed it balanced on the runway, and I have been terrified ever since so you wouldn't even take the flight home.
Would you rent a car get a train?
Flew home, but after that it was I try to drive everywhere I can now yeah not to give locations away. I just go up and down United States about 12 hours is where families at so not a horrible drive, but pretty nice pretty nice a fairy because you know America is absolutely beautiful it is it is it's incredible you get out. I'll roads I can't I can't lie right now. I'm very nervous. I've listened to your Show all the time just can't believe I got through. So trying to calm my nerves right now, and I'm sorry if it's a little awkward right now.
So well, first of all, you're killing it. There's no need to be nervous. I don't really see ya. What's the worst that can happen at the end of the day you're you know, you're talking to a guy who I mean my son vomited on my face a couple weeks ago. Like it's we're good.
We're good.
Nothing to be scared of here.
Okay. Well, let's See a chef being a chef you see a lot of crazy things sometimes some crazy people as well.
And I've just got some stories. I'd like to get out there and hopefully bring some laughter to the world.
So that's awesome. I'd love to talk to a chef. That's like a whole I like that because it's like there's so many so many like shows about cooking now and where you see chefs in action and as judges and stuff, but it's still kind of a world that That plays by its own rules and there's a lot of sort of behind the scene stuff. Most of us will never know and it's cool.
If it's definitely a world that is glamorized on TV. But when you step into it most the time you're stepping into a wolf didn't and you're starting as a pup and hopefully you're getting ready to be a master wolf who can you know now lead a pack to do the same thing in the kitchen, so it's a rough and tumble world. But at the same time, you know, it's a certain. That loves that loved it. So.
yeah, but first thing I wanted to get out there is I have met and I've seen so many stand-up comedians talk about Florida and I've heard the cliche of Florida and I have to tell you the craziest people I've ever worked with her all from Florida.
All from Florida all the crazy people are from Florida a lot of are there a lot of crazy are there a lot of crazy Floridians and the kitchens of our restaurants and we don't even know the threat that we're under I wouldn't say threat I would say Amusement for the kitchen staff, but day-to-day in the kitchen is never the same.
You're always getting something different and I'm sure you can relate to that because I knew father and show going on and doing this. I'm sure. Every day is completely different for you.
So it is and I can't complain about that. It's pretty fun. I'm lucky. I have a good life where I get to fly all around. I want to make sure I don't come off like a complainer about a very good life. So what makes the Florida people so crazy. What are they doing back there in those kitchens that we should know about is it fair to call them kitchens that have chefs refer to them?
Absolutely.
Yeah catches. This is 25 and all right before we get into that.
Can I ask you like Chef is a title? Alright, like people call you Chef like a student would call a teacher a professor. Like you're not a teacher your professor sign respect people say thank you Chef.
Yes, sir. Yes. Yeah, that's exactly how it works. And now I'll drop the sir. Now. I'm from the South but I don't want to give the I know there's some people find it especially from the north find it disrespectful.
So no to be called sir, sir.
I love it.
I don't think any is that a northern stereotype that we don't like being called sir?
I've heard a lot of people that have moved to the South who say my father is Sir or I'm too old to be called sir. But it's just a sign of respect among peers. Yeah. Yeah.
No, I'm doing my agent called me sir. I'm into it sir. I'm into it Chef.
That's how do you how do you go from being a cook to a chef who certifies that honestly it's whatever you get to ba.
Sous-chef which Surah second. It means you're the chef secondhand or you get to be a executive chef. You run a restaurant you run that kitchen once you achieve that title like once you achieve that position, then you are Chef before that you're just line cook or there's different positions that are mostly French words like Garb on J is a French word. But basically it means like Gardener you're making salads you're making Vinaigrettes things like that cold sides.
So whole culture? Okay. I want to make sure we say it really quickly though. What's up with these Floridians? What makes them nuts?
I don't know what makes them nuts. But I know that it's definitely something that's in the culture and I have to say I'm at work right now, but I've told them I'm taking an hour off real quick to talk to you. So I'm just going to the restaurant the grab my coffee real quick, but it is it is something that is definitely a culture thing.
It's definitely almost like a New Jersey no offense you Jersey Guido kind of thing where it's just wild and crazy dirty shorts. I don't know if there's an explanation for you for why that's that way your he's there.
Well for me, I guess the theory is that it's hot and it stays. Hot and that can kind of drive people crazy sometimes yeah.
Yeah and can I ask are you are you an executive chef?
No, sir. Not right now. I'm actually working under Chef right now, but I was before and this is a different job that I'm now working. So and I'm actually yeah, I'm actually at a note not going to name it but a in general smokehouse barbecue restaurant so a smoke my job entailed rubbing me putting any kind of protein on the smoker making sure that it gets proficient smoke taking it off when it's put one is ready preparing ribs Turk, we do turkey things like that.
So and the executive chef designs that menu, right they go on break it all down and then Team up with other chefs, they respect and like at your level who are all about executing that menu. And then the Sous chefs are there to provide for your needs in the process. Is that how it goes? Yes, sir.
Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. And the the chef mostly when he's doing the menu It's All About price, but all about making sure that you can make the most money off of what you're putting on your menu. And that's you're putting things that go on your menu. It's very it's detailed but you know, you don't want to have something on your menu that you only use Or one item.
That's when you go to restaurants, you'll see they use the same sauce on multiple dishes or they use different Jam they have on multiple sandwiches or something like that. It's so that they're not just using one product for one item.
So that's I've never thought of that because I bet it's also a matter of storage right like you don't have room for Endless amounts of stuff. So you better get creative. Absolutely. Yeah because it's like and here's the other. Yeah go for it.
Don't blow your mind. Because this blows everybody's mind if you look at a menu item on the menu at a restaurant. If you for the most part, this is a true role if you divide by 3, that's what it cost the kitchen to make that item really.
If you see something on the menu is nine dollars, if you divide by 3 to make easy mass that cost the kitchen three dollars to make that's what they spent on those ingredients. Generally, yes, sir. That's that's that's the goal for a restaurant is to keep it at that at that level you have to pay whoever is involved in back there and preparing it you have to have to pay the server.
So there's some of the mark-up and then after that is the profit that seems fair to me that seems fair. Actually. It's shocking to hear it first and then when you think about it, you're like, oh no, that's just yeah, that seems like smart money. Yeah, that seems like smart money management. Yeah, but now that we're into the restaurant there was a guy that I have worked with known.
As mentioned does not currently work with me anymore. But Fourth of July came around this year and he had a firecracker go off in his hand outside of work thankfully and he was a dishwasher and he came in and this was a Floridian and he stereotypically looked like Joe Dirt. Okay had a long mullet on the Florida listeners are getting progressively more Furious about this.
I'm letting you know no offense to any Floridians.
No offense there. I've met plenty of great Floridians. Love Disney World not too afraid of alligators think it's a great place.
I love the Everglades go there love the Everglades love the keys. There's a great Fruit Stand down near the Everglades called Robert Is Here great place oranges are wonderful. Florida has a lot going for that being said every Floridian knows there are as you said Joe Dirt haircuts down there and you're doing this.
This guy blows his hand off comes back to work and comes back to work the next day and has a heavy prescription of painkillers proceeds to walk outside and to pass out fall asleep. However, you want to describe it into our wood ash pile. Where we dump old ashes from the wood that we use to Smoke Barbeque.
It sounds yes disgusting. Well, well my manager the chef walks out there and was very kind about it and woke him up and said, you know, if you want to go home go to the doctor, whatever I'll give you a ride. I'll you know, very nice about it and we are on a very busy highway not to mention Highway very busy highway and the guy proceeds to get up and running. Off the highway without looking either way and somehow Frogger his way across the highway and drop to the other side where there was Woods for as far as you could see we ran into the woods and I have never seen him since Rihanna notably. I work with us seen him since it was that's how we quit was he how he quit for sure.
Was he running South?
Maybe ran back to Florida maybe ran back to Florida.
It may have just been a calling I have I have no idea where he went but it is one of the more interesting stories that I have been involved in because When I say not looking and running across I mean not looking and running across and somehow did not get hit by cars II don't know how it happened.
I do want to applaud your use of Frogger did as a verb. I thought that was very funny. I also want to be clear for anybody's listening and trying to place the phrase Joe Dirt was of course the 2001 David Spade classic where he plays a guy with a regrettable mustache and hair cut. Yes.
Yes, and if you can imagine Joe Dirt running across the highway. I can't while being high on painkillers. Yes. It was it was very interesting is very interesting I got and oh, yeah, I'll go for it. Yeah, go ahead please you go for it.
And then I got a million questions for you.
Okay. I got one more Florida Floridian story real quick for you. I worked with a Floridian no true evidence, but me and my coat is a different restaurant though, but me and Mike. Workers at the time were convinced that he had killed somebody or people in his life because when we asked him where he was from he said Florida and then like eight or nine other states and it was just like oh, okay. Yeah, and when he quit he left and said I'm going to this state which was a state that he had not previously mentioned that he was from now.
Have you researched it to see if all of these states don't have the death penalty. Because that's what Ted Bundy did that's actually I never thought of that.
Let's go ahead and look that up.
Go ahead and look that up.
She was about 5 foot 5 bald bald head and a giant devil tattoo on the back of his bald head. Wow, and it was actually terrifying but yeah, yeah, we were kind of we were kind of convinced and not to judge a book by it's cover but I worked with him for six months. So I kind of read the book a little bit.
Oh look, you never want to judge a book. By it's cover. But when someone permanently draws a devil on the cover of the book, it's not like you can't you're not gonna unsee that but at the same time it does make the book more interesting doesn't it? Certainly does now. Look we've slammed Florida enough. I would say me ask you a couple questions about being a chef because there's a whole world and I want to know about it. Okay excited. Absolutely.
So, you know a lot of a lot of creative people. Work in restaurants their servers there bartenders because flexible hours things like this. I never did it because I'm such a physical Klutz. And also I have a high level of anxiety and I always got the sense. I would not be able to keep up with that pace and that anxiety that pressure when we're out there in a restaurant.
Talk me through it. Like how hard are you bracing yourself for the dinner hour? When does that hit how long is that window when you're working at maximum capacity and is it like is it like like a military level efficiency back there where everybody just going going going for a few hours at a time?
Well, he I'm the same way as you I have high anxiety, but I found working in the kitchen. I could focus on one or two things three things at a time. A time and it actually help reduce anxiety because I was constantly moving. I wasn't thinking about things. I was just reacting to things. Yeah serving I couldn't do it because I just I can't talk to groups of people. I I just I just I'm very awkward sometimes so it doesn't make for a good server for anybody.
I can't and I but I can't deal with the Irish Catholic and we can't deal with the idea of anyone being upset with me people get upset at servers. I've had servers.
I'm the same way.
I've had Server same way serve me literally a meal. I did not ask for something that was clearly meant for a different table and I will eat it rather than make them feel bad. I have done that. I've eaten a complete meal that was not intended for me because I don't want to make a server field. So when you're back there though, so you're just here's your two or three things go and then they're everyone else in that room has their two or three things go am I imagining this, right?
Yes, and I played Sports growing up. I played football basketball and baseball. I mean, I played everything and honestly being in the kitchen is almost like being on a sports team you're on your team. You have your job and if everybody does their job the right way you win it all works out fine and the game plan goes as you as you script it.
You're a cog in the machine.
Exactly. And if somebody doesn't do their job or soon as somebody falls behind, it's somebody else's job now to step over. Your teammate and help them and it is kind of militaristic but it isn't as regimented. It isn't as it's like you said, it's more art bullets more. Sometimes you just have to fly with things and you just have to make this work and you have to make that work or if you don't have this sauce you have to because we have people come in all the time and say can I have this type of sauce that we don't have on the menu and I will say yes, I will make it real fast and just whip it up and you have to narrow that off the top of your head.
They come in or now in the age of Google.
It's wonderful.
Oh so you can you can bust out the phone and go. All right.
I can make this thing. Absolutely but the most important thing that I do want people to know that are listening. I know that phones are bacteria vectors. I wash my hands before I use my phone. I wash my hands after I use my phone before I make your food and I wear gloves. So I promise you that I'm up on the issue a lot of hand sanitizer flying around and kitchens a lot of hand sanitizer a lot of Of lots of so high high industrial soaps.
Yeah, just making sure everything is clean all the time.
Yeah, because you got the Health Board coming in.
Absolutely. That's the one thing that they come in. If you are ever at a restaurant another restaurant tip, if you're ever at a restaurant when the health department comes in for that restaurant and you see people panicking you should walk out. Yeah because that means they're not ready for their check.
Yeah, that means they're the types of people that they try to floss. Right before they go to the dentist in other words exactly. They don't floss every night.
Yeah. Nope Yep. They're trying to clean things right before it happens, and I've seen it happen before and I will just okay. I'll see you. Thank you very much for the service. I'm out now because it's just it's a sign let's segue into something similar.
Okay, and I'm not certain I'm not certain, you know, you've indicated the general region you're in. I don't know the city you're in if there's like a restaurant scene there and if your restaurants a part of it I once read an article, I think it was in The Washington Post. I think it's fascinating. It was about how Washington area restaurants deal with food reviewers and as these high-end restaurants and it made it out like if I remember right it was like reviewers try to make sure people don't know what they look like because people have mechanisms like there are restaurants that keep books with photos of reviewers so that they can be and all the maitre D's know who they are.
There's stories were the movements of these people so they can get like a half hour Head Start if they realize they're headed in their direction is that is that stuff you've dealt with?
This reviewer culture, it's a real thing it's intense you're going to want to hear all about it's fascinating stuff. It's begin to reviews many of the people who advertise on our show advertise products with tons of five-star reviews. So check these out use the promo codes help the show when you do we'll be right back.
We all know making small changes can be really positive can have a healthy effect on your lifestyle the right towel turns a bathroom into a spa you can make all these upgrades with Brooklyn and you know Brooklyn and as the internet's favorite sheets, but they're also home to betting loungewear towels and more with over 50,000 plus five star reviews and Counting now, they have everything for Life Essentials shower curtains bath mats, robes totes final details.
That helped you make a big upgrade just this very morning. I stepped out of the shower and I stepped onto a Brooklyn and bath mat and it felt good under my feet to the degree that I noticed. I hadn't realized it was the Brooklyn and one that was out. And before I even look down I said, that's Brooklyn and right there then I grabbed myself a whole Good Old Brooklyn and towel and I dried myself off and I felt great about it is it's thick its fluffy. It works. I love it love my Brooklyn and stuff high quality stuff. You can hear my voice. This is real. All Brooklyn and. Com. It's the perfect place to start making small changes that make big differences Brooklyn and so confident in their product that all their sheets comforters loungewear and towels come with a lifetime warranty.
So go on make yourself comfortable get 10% off your first order and free shipping when you use the promo code stories only a Brooklyn and. Com. That's be Roo KLA any n. Com promo code stories and he New Yorkers if you're listening you can get the internet's favorite sheets in real life. Visit Brooklyn's first store in Brooklyn at 127 Ken Evan Williamsburg, Brooklyn and Then you need to live your most comfortable life.
Have you ever needed a doctor late at night or while traveling? I know this feeling I travel all the time travel all the time. You get on a plane you feel fine. You get off the plane and all of a sudden something's hitting you you're in a city that you don't know it can be scary. Right? That's why I tell the doc gives you 24/7 access to board certified doctors anytime anywhere for non emergency conditions, like a sinus infection allergies flu rashes and more that are board certified doctors can diagnose treat. And prescribed medication when medically necessary to be delivered to the pharmacy of your choice tell the doc is available through most insurance or employers at $45 or less a visit no appointments.
No waiting rooms. None of those germy urgent cares or expensive trips to the ER one of tell attacks testimonial States. I am an RN and I have little time for personal issues. Let alone being sick while caring for the ill this service called me after setting up an account and requesting and MD visit in minutes the service is actually amazing and I only wish I would have utilized it sooner.
There's a great review for you. Tell the doc is here to get you back to feeling your best no matter when or where you are download the app today or visit Tesla doc. Com stories to register today. So you're ready when you need a doctor's care or schedule a doctor visit today. Don't forget to download the app or visit Tela doc. Com stories.
Thanks to all our advertisers to Chef high-pressure world of dealing with reviewers.
Let's go is that is that stuff you've dealt with?
I won't mention it and I worked in the back where we did hot food. So I didn't roll sushi, but I worked at a sushi restaurant that was rated top 25 in the country nationally roof.
We talked in the a Michelin star level.
It wasn't that high of level but it was it was right there. I mean, it's fine dining $20 a role like expensive nice stuff.
So you're a good sushi. Is it fair to say it's a restaurant where maybe the chef is chasing a Michelin star that type of where the chef can see it in sight. Oh, okay.
It's a type of it's a type of restaurant where they can go to Japan and say we want a chef who's been trained and they can bring somebody back because that's what happened when I was there. Wow, they brought back a chef who was in his 60s and The sushi Master. Wow, so they're trying so talk to me about this reviewer culture.
But at this restaurant it was the most finest the finest dining restaurant I've ever worked and behind the hostess stand there was pictures of every local reviewer multiple from angle. So they could tell there were names below every one of them. So if they did come in they could say, how are you doing this or mr. So and so it was Like a table put off to the side that was just for reviewers VIP owners people who would cut celebrities who would come in that's their table.
So it was the best of treatment for them. But there's also of culture of people who are not reviewers who go into restaurants dress finally dress like they are reviewer and say yeah, I work for so-and-so paper. And the hostess doesn't want to be the person to say well, let me fact check this real quick. Let me so they get to sit at table they get to find the food they leave for free without paying and they're not a reviewer because I've also read that some reviewers will go in under aliases because they want to pick they will and they want to make sure that they're not getting service that doesn't represent everyone's experience. But that restaurant you're you're just not getting past them without somebody knowing who you are.
Unless you're wearing a wig and a different type of you know beard or whatever.
Do they would they do that? I have no idea.
It wouldn't I would not put it past them in the city. I was in there was a reviewer who was famously harsh even on great restaurants. The person was out. It almost seemed the person was out to find the bad instead of taking the good. Good or balance the good with the bad. It was always just harsh and that person has a lot of influence on the city.
So that person would never get by without wearing a wig and whatnot. But it's definitely a culture that is on its own. Yeah. It's definitely it's definitely a culture that I've seen again. I mean, there's just There's a lot of there's a lot of crazy if there's a lot of it's one of the we were talking about one of my chefs the other day and we told this young kid we said before you want to get into this industry. Remember this the food and beverage Chef industry has the highest rate of divorce drug addiction and depression.
Wow. Well, I've always heard. I was going to try to find a classy way to bring it up. But since you brought it up, I have heard from friends of mine. Who do work in restaurants in New York? And you know, I have friends who work in high-end places fine dining places in New York. I have heard that kitchens and cocaine can go hand in hand true or false absolutely cocaine is just a thing in kitchens.
I have I have seen chefs at restaurants not to be named who would after the hours or before rent for the dinner rush would happen would line up cocaine. A stainless steel counter that we had for storage food and would just blow it off of there and that's why I've never had the problem luckily had this the will to say no. Thank you every time but I've seen people go into holes and down roads that I wouldn't wish it on my worst. Enemy, you know, it's it's dark stuff.
I have friends and people I've worked with who Sorry, like they aren't with us anymore. You know drunk driving is a huge one, right? Because you're staying late after work and you're drinking at the bar and you've been stressed out for hours.
So you want a shot.
Absolutely. Yeah, absolutely and one one turns to to I think there's a Modest Mouse song that says one one more 20 more something like that, you know, it doesn't end and that's exactly how it works for some people, you know, you take one two three, it's just I'll drive home because I do it every night.
It's just it's it's it's a big problem. It really is and thankfully though. There are a lot of groups in the area that I work for a lot of generous owners of restaurants that are high class restaurants who has started na groups that have started a a groups that are specifically just for restaurant and no offense to anybody but they don't have a religious affiliation. So it's something that people who there's a high rate of atheist and rest.
Durant that I have noticed as well, which I'm as I am as well but so if you get in a you start working in a restaurant where there's a high pressure kitchen, you generally don't believe in God afterwards you because you it's your living in X existentialist nightmare that chases Faith out of your life.
I don't it's funny that you say it that way.
I don't know if it's bad. I just think it's like I think it's a lot of people who Found this as their last option and so it's a lot of people who got cast out. I've worked with a lot of people who are out gasps. They got cast out by Society. They were people who didn't go didn't get a chance in high school that didn't get lucky with, you know college that didn't get there, you know Associates and it's just easy thing to get in to start cooking or to be a server. I mean it's and I think that that kind of and I don't mean it in a disrespectful.
Away all because again, I'm an atheist. I I don't think it's a bad thing. But I think that people who don't have a lot can find it harder to believe because why would you when you when you see people who have more and if God would mean if I believe in God, why is he taking care of me kind of thing? You know, I feel like well, I'm a lot of Truth in that burn every day.
The people who don't have that I think is so much truth in what you just said the people who don't have Much in this world. I feel like very often. They're either the most faithful or the least and I get it when you put it like that. I'm like I get it I get it you go to one extreme or the other that makes a lot of sense and I never thought about that a lot of people who come work in restaurants.
They're not people who went to culinary school. I imagine you did if you're a chef, but they're people who actually didn't you didn't so you're like a renegade she actually did.
I've actually just keep my mouse. My motto is Training Day motto from Denzel keep your mouth shut and your eyes open you learn something really and I try to do it every day. I try to just even people who are because the other day I had somebody who was below me who just he kind of told me he was like dude.
I was kind of down and he was just like dude to me your life is great. Like why the hell are you complaining? Yeah, and that's one of those things where it was just like yeah, like he's right like why why am I complaining? This is stupid like and verbosity. I guess we're kind of going down there different path to getting deep, but I'm not very political Eileen left. But my thing is I don't understand when America became this place of people who either want to play victim or want to drag people down and it's just we're all Americans and we are all in the same boat together and we're all trying to get to the same. Place and not helping each other and not understanding each other points of view whether right or left, you know, whenever you hear somebody on the right say something racist and people just say, he's a white supremacist instead of just saying, how can I reach him to make him see things our way like the right way? What can we do to save this person?
Because to me, I see a lot of hurt behind what he's what that person say. I don't see bigoted evil racist. I see. He was hurt and trying to take it out on somebody else. Yeah, and I think I think we get caught up a lot of times with just reaction instead of thought.
Well, I'll tell you last year. I did a whole tour of the South and Grant the I'll say this. I'm playing the cities so they probably tend to be the blue or bubbles. Right? Absolutely a lot of mice and I'm lucky that I've been doing this long enough. I built a little bit of a fan base. Those are people coming to me. So these are people who probably you know, they like my viewpoint enough to to buy a ticket. So they probably onion. Oh are leaning more towards me that being said a lot of these shows were in clubs clubs aren't always like that clubs a lot of times. It's just local people go.
What are we gonna do tonight? Let's go out to the club. They got good, mate. All sticks and maybe we'll get a laugh or two and did clubs in Atlanta and Huntsville and Nashville and I realized every city we went to and every club we did everybody was so nice to each other and you know what I started saying on stage I go right now at this point in history.
I'm supposed to come down to Nashville and Alabama and at and Georgia and I'm supposed to think everybody down here is like a gun-toting close-minded. Hick and I'm an artist from New York City and you guys are all supposed to think that I'm some sensitive snowflake looking to encroach on traditions and blah blah blah, but when I talk to any people face-to-face in any of those cities what we are with each other this kind of - shaking hands enjoying each other's company.
And that's people I met at shows that people had meals with everywhere strangers on the street. You know what I think I think at the end of the day Facebook is making a lot of money by furthering this dialogue that we're all supposed to not like each other. I think there's a lot of money being made off of that by certain companies out there.
Oh, they're absolutely is and all these social media sites. I mean, they're the whole purpose at this point, which they I realized is to just create the vision because it creates anger and anger is a strong emotion emotion than happiness. It's easier to get angry than it is to get happy now I cuz oh absolutely finish your thought.
I was just saying I mean if you even if you look at the news media there their motto if it bleeds it leads that's proof of it. It's easier to just see something they make you mad and just latch on to it instead of again saying we're all Americans and we live in a great country and we all have it amazingly great. Even if you aren't doing amazingly. Well, you still probably have it great compared to somebody in a different country in the world, which is something that we should be proud of. Of and we should talk about more absolutely and following this train of thought.
I feel like there's a lot of these story lines that that that were fed where you know, maybe you're pissed off at your boss, or maybe maybe you kids getting bad grades. You're getting called in for these teacher meetings, or maybe you got laid off and you got another job that you don't like as much as the one you the track you are on and and you're having a hard time and then you go on a computer.
And you can go down a wormhole that goes hey rather than be mad at your own life. Why not get mad at this other group of people that you don't even interact with why don't you get mad at the fact that trans people want to use certain bathrooms. Why don't you get mad at that instead and you'll find corners of the internet where you can just be mad about that.
I think there's a lot of that going on. I think there's a lot of that going on. Why don't you get mad at What this politician said or why don't you get mad? It's and we're being kind of directed into it so that we keep clicking links man. That being said I do want to say I've gone down this road before in the show and people always point out a lot of social movements also driven in a positive way. There's a lot of countries where people have risen up against dictators by connecting on social media a lot of places where there's stories that need to be told and they're being suppressed and they come out on social media, there's movements where People Unite and our countries and so I understand the value of To but the dangerous side is very real.
It's it's almost as I think the only fix that you could have for social media and I've heard people say this because I think a big problem for social media is people getting banned and people feeling like I got banned because of this and not getting a reason and I don't know. I don't really use social media all that much because I try not to bring anger and hatred into my life. I try not to get mad about things that I can't control. Roll, but the biggest thing for me is if you just had unlimited Twitter and you just said here is a special room for Twitter.
You can join this regular Twitter. And if you do something that we say is wrong then your band or regular Facebook. And if you say something that we think is wrong your band, but if you go to R-rated Twitter, whatever they want to call it, then you can say whatever you want. Your opinions are out there nobody can ban you it's all for free free.
Each whatever and just have two different rooms and just say, you know what I mean and control. The media that way control the narrative that way instead of bringing it to me have me have to go to it. Now.
You might be in a that space sense. You might be an atheist, but you are one philosophical Chef my friend now do other chefs. Is there a stigma that you didn't go to culinary school? Are there other chefs that don't want to accept you because you didn't go to school for it. Oh, absolutely not.
I mean, I'm sure there's a small percentage and I'm sure you'll have people who write in and say or whatever and say stuff but And you can't get mad about things that people say you can't control I would hold my ability up against anybody who went to culinary school and if they don't want to accept me because of that then I just won't work there. I'll go somewhere else.
That's fine. It's like you know it job done.
It's one of those cultures to can you get the job done and you got a place here. It's a meritocracy and that that's how I feel about jobs in general and college in general.
I'm not I don't mean I know you said it the last episode you don't want to argue Teacher episode. You don't want to talk about about college and I'm not talking about about college but it's I feel like if you were qualified for a job and you can do a job. Why do I have to cock for the college to prove that I can do a job in this it's a job that needs it.
If you're gonna pay if you're going to be an engineer building our country's bridges. Yeah. I want you going to college I want that absolutely. But if absolutely I feel like if my kid graduates high school and goes, you know, I don't really know what I want to do. Then I feel like it's fair to at least have a conversation.
Should have gone well, do you need to go spend some time in the real world and figure that out and then when you figure that out if it is something that needs that maybe go I got you.
I got a funny story for you is I actually went to college for two years to not be a chef, but I went to college for two years to be a teacher and I went to school and I got to the point where I was doing an internship at a school like an in they called him like a teacher student program and the school I got assigned to was where my brother was in school. My little brother was in school and I got a sign on my little brother's classroom.
Oh nobody his to be the teacher student aid and everything was going fine. And it was all wonderful and it was great and we went on a field trip and sorry Sally we were on a field trip and we had them getting in a line and my brother didn't want to listen to me and I said little bro get in line. He turned around and the field trip in front of five different schools that were all out of play just said fuck you every single teachers mouth drop.
And I started laughing so hard and every teacher looked at me. Like I was just it was it was bad.
How did you know it was that the day you went and became a chef exactly. Like I can't do this.
I was already working a job in a restaurant part-time while going to school and that was it because that wasn't the exact reason but that was one of the reasons because oh, that's so funny.
I I couldn't do it. I'm actually planning on never having children. So I'm going to ask you what being a father is like it's because I hear everybody say that it just completely changes everything about you. But okay, here's the bullet points and then I want to get back to the chef stuff because I have a lot of questions.
I want to make sure I do like a lightning round with you of Chef stuff because I feel really nighttime. It's cool that we've gone. He's philosophical directions. Okay, here's the thing. Everybody talks about how exhausting it is to be a parent how hard it is how there's all these nightmares and I think the thing that's such a shame is they do not tell you that it is legitimately so fun.
It's really fun kid makes me laugh. It's exciting to see him do new things. I will tell you so honestly, And for years, I didn't want to be a parent so scared and am I gonna am I a stable enough person is that fair? When I was at the height of my depression. Is it fair to bring a kid into a world with that Foundation?
Am I gonna pass it on to him a lot of fears, but I can tell you it's the coolest thing I've ever done and I'm not trying to Pat myself on the back, but I've been very lucky and I've lived a life where I've done a lot of cool things and it's hands down the coolest one.
Pause there. It's totally true having a kid coolest thing I've ever done second coolest thing. I used to have P Diddy's number in by fall for some ads check them out use the promo codes and be right back.
When you're busy like we all are the first thing that falls to the bottom of the list tends to be taken care of yourself people tend to say I have time or money for that but talk space online therapy is the most convenient and affordable way to get the support of a licensed therapist talk space matches you with a licensed therapist based on your needs and preferences with thousands of licensed therapists trained in over 40 Specialties available.
Send your licensed therapist texts audio Sure or video messages from your phone or computer. Whenever you need to you don't have to make appointments everything happens within talk spaces secure platform all on your schedule therapy turned my life around I started doing it when I was 23 years old and I turn 40 this year.
It's a massively important thing in my life. I know so many people who say the same thing, and I'm so happy that talk space has been not just us. Supporter of this show but a supporter of finding modern ways to allow people to take care of their mental health. What a beautiful thing. The bottom line is that life can be hard and talk space wants to give more of us chance to get the support. We need at a price we can afford so listener of this podcast. You can get $100 off your first month on talk space to match with your perfect therapist. Go to talk space. Com or download the app, make sure to use the code beautiful to get $100 off your first month show your support.
For the show that's beautiful at talk space. Com.
Get back to the show. I also have hung out with Method Man twice. That's pretty cool, too. Anyway, yeah, let's get back to the show, but I've been very lucky and I've lived a life where I've done a lot of cool things and it's hands down the coolest one.
I just I am not against children.
I'm not against babies. I'm not against being a parent. I'm just for me right now. I would I feel like I would not be a good father and I would never want to do that to a child. Yeah, because that is just the worst thing somebody could do and he get there someday.
I highly recommend it. And if you don't it's nice to hear that you have a head on your shoulders about it. That was Yelp the worst thing in your life that has Yelp ruined everyone's lives when you were. In restaurants at first.
Yes. Absolutely. It was the worst thing and people hated it. But now that the public has caught on to it. It was really honestly Chris. The Turning was the South Park episode about Yelp exact. People people stopped listening to it. They stop getting mad about it. They stop taking it seriously and it's made the world a better place for four kitchens and restaurants.
I mean, it really has question to you work in the world of barbecue. I love barbecue. I stopped eating meat in 2016. One of the things I miss the most is brisket. There's a restaurant in New York called Hill Country on 26g. I love it. I miss it. I miss going when I go to rest barbecue restaurants. I'll have to get the sides so Movement in the world of barbecue to start using meat Alternatives specifically things like the impossible meat or Beyond Burger.
Not that I'm aware of yet something that I have been aware of is smoked tofu. I've seen people do that. I've seen smoked and fried tofu. I'm not a big fan of fried foods in general because I work around them so much and I just I try not to eat it because it's so much a day is bad, but I have seen things like that.
I don't know about the impossible mate.
You sound like you are in Jedi not into this. And it's okay. If you're not not bad the way you're saying smoked tofu. I'm sensing you going like I've seen seen smoked tofu. Like it doesn't sound like there's an immediate and enthusiasm to it.
No like at all restaurant. I do all the time as specials like smoke vegetables that we will then saute afterwards and they are I mean, you just get a smoke flavor on them and then sauteing them and butter and they're fantastic, but it's just not a big part of our Clientele base. We don't get a lot of people coming and saying could I get something vegetarian because it's not why you go to your place.
Yeah, it's clear exactly.
Okay. Next question.
May I Go ahead. Yeah, absolutely.
Next question. No need to get political. I know you don't want to I just want to see if this is your experience. I once read a quote from Anthony Bourdain rest in peace who said something along the lines of if you are someone who enjoys going to restaurants just understand that you can't also be someone who dislikes Mexicans because many times Mexican workers are the backbone of our the backbone of your dining experience. He said something I was like, I'm not trying to be reductive if I miss quoted. I'm sorry, and I'm really not trying but he said something along those lines.
Is absolutely correct.
Let me look up some quote he is.
he is absolutely 100% correct the and I know that my right wing friends aren't going to want to hear this but the best workers that I have and then I look for during our busiest times of the year or all Latin they work harder than anybody that I could hire before they are very respectful to everybody that works there that I've come across I've had no problems with any kind of Quote unquote criminality and I just I couldn't I couldn't speak higher for allowing people who want to come in this country and work to work legally.
Here's what Bourdain said and I'm so glad to hear you say that because I live in a neighborhood that has is I would say a majority Hispanic and every time like everyone here and there's a lot of people, you know, you hear that a lot of my neighborhood has it has no legal presence on like but everybody just seems Like they hang out with their families and go to church. Like here's what Bourdain said he's had. The bald fact is that the entire restaurant industry in America would close down overnight and would never recover if current immigration laws were enforced quickly and thoroughly across the board everyone in the industry knows this. It's undeniable.
I know very few chefs have even heard of a u. S. Born citizen coming in the door to ask for a dishwasher Night clean up or kitchen prep job until that happens. Let's at least try to be honest when discussing this shoo Well, let me tell you one thing.
He's absolutely correct. And if you've ever wondered how a bar or a restaurant that has a bar or a dance club or whatever. It is cleans up overnight and gets ready yet Saturday brunch most likely because of that.
It's most likely because of undocumented workers.
It's it's vital to the industry. He's absolutely 100% correct.
I I mean, I don't know what else to say about it.
He's just right and I'm not again you someone you said you don't like going political. I only bring enough to say that quote opened my eyes to say hard-working people are here. Let's show respect for hard working people next question.
It's just that I try not to join. I I feel like a lot of people who are political power have joined the sports team. Yeah, they are either on the blue team or the red team and doesn't matter what either side does they're going to root for their team to win the game and I just I don't want to be a part of that system.
Yeah.
I'm with I want to be the only part of the system that that's all based on Merit and if you're a good human and you can do a good job, I want to vote for you. So May I ask you another question? But yes, absolutely, please keep going I would rather you steer the birthday a couple of there's just so much.
I want to hear because your world fascinates me. I'm from New Jersey New Jersey. Notoriously is the home of diners best diners in the world 24-hour diners. You can show up at these places 3:30 in the morning. And if you want to order eggs, benedict with lakhs instead of bacon your ham, you can do that if you want to order lobster tails you can do.
If you want to order spinach pie, you can do that if you want to order a vegetable lasagna and how do diners do that that seems in the in the restaurant world where diners are the opposite of fine dining? Does this impress you as much as it impresses me for sure.
And here's here's another little tidbit for the chef's out there or people who want to be chefs. If you want to be a chef for a living and you want to do it growing up and work in a fine dining restaurant. You have to start at the bottom go get a job. Job at a Denny's go get a job at a Waffle House or a diner or whatever it is. That's around you a waffle - I don't know what they have up north. That's big but get a job at a place like that.
Learn how to crack eggs. Learn how to cook bacon to order and a guarantee you you will be at a fine dining restaurant in 10-15 years.
Is it is it true that eggs are the hardest thing to cook. Yes at eggs and rice rice. You're saying right exit. Rice are the hardest things to cook. How come I've never heard rice rice is hard because it is either for people who are Foodies four chefs.
They will find it either overcooked or undercooked. It's very hard to find the perfect balance where rice is Fluffy but not sticky and it's not crunchy or even a bit Al Dente, but again, it's not sticky and it's not runny the way it doesn't stick together. It's just a perfect fluff. It's very hard to do perfectly.
I would imagine is sometimes film that my rice over really even though you worked at a high was going to say you worked at a very high-end sushi place. I would have to admit is rice. Like do they treat rice like like a movie scene where you're trying to defuse a bomb?
Yes. Well, you're when you're working at a sushi restaurant to you also have a rice steamer that you're using to cook all of your rice in and you want to overcook it a little bit so that it is sticky.
Oh, so it's actually here.
It's actually easier because it supports process what you want to do in a situation that you have to watch your eyes. So when you cook it before you cook it you have to run it under cold water and you want to run it under like a bucket or a mixing bowl and you want to wash the rice until what's coming out under the bowl is clear water.
And that means you've gotten all the starch out of it. So when you cook it, it's going to be stickier and we'll stick to your roles when you roll it up now.
Have you ever heard of Dan Barbers restaurant called? Stone barns at Blue Hill I'm sure I have this is a place where you going up the miliar. I went one time. I splurged my wife and I went with friends of ours you go. It's farm to table, but you're eating at the farm and they come out and explain at all this to you.
And what went into it they served us a salad made of weeds they picked from in between their sidewalk cracks and it was the most delicious thing I've ever had. They brought out bread and dude. They took they talk to us for 10 minutes. These little cubes of bread and everybody had their own waiter called in a plate with a cubed Bread on it and they're telling us. Oh people used to you know, grow their wheat in the same way that Brewers grow Marley barley and and try to get everything to like a certain strain and now big corporate bread-making.
Has made all the wheat the same and it's and and we working with a lab at a university in Washington to get back to a customized wheat and I'm sitting there going just give me the bread. Give me the goddamn bread. It's the bread and then I bit it and I was like, oh, I've never had bread. I've been eating styrofoam my whole life. I've literally never tasted bread.
There's things like that. You talked a lien we or european.
We it's completely different than American wheat we have so far lie. We evolved in ginetta sized. Are we to the point that it's tasteless and basically useless nutrients wise and do you see this with other foods with corporate farming. Do you see this with corporate farming Absa mean my I have family in Ohio and my uncle is was a USDA inspection officer and he had some horror stories for me. I don't want to share anything people because I don't want to freak people out maybe whooping costing. They don't know what I'm talking.
Out but hopefully now tipping does that extend to the kitchen staff or is that just for The Upfront servers bartenders Etc.
That's just for The Upfront for the most part some high-end restaurants. They will chair but for the most part as a kitchen staff you're making hopefully a decent wage enough to provide yourself because servers especially where I work they make to 1002 12 an hour so their tips are what They need to make their hourly wages. What?
Yep to 12 an hour to 12 an hour to serve other people man.
This world were living in is knots and then why the worst type of people in the entire world and if you're listening I'm not going to apologize the worst type of people in the entire world are people who go into a restaurant and no matter what happens.
Don't leave a tip unless the server cusses you out. Should always leave a tip because that person may be having a bad day. Something may be going on. It's not their fault in the kitchen. There may be something that you know, drink machines broken or head chef walked out in the middle of shift, which I've seen before head chef lessons until the shifting. Wow.
So now it is just like a ball crane running Godless with no head and they are just lost, you know, it's just it's not always their fault and you just can't do that to people.
I'll tell you that and I'm no hero, but when I lived my I spent about six or seven years one of my best friends from college. We moved to New York together. He worked his way up as a server and he's now in this in the find dining room and I would go out with him and he like you militant was like we are overtipping everywhere we go and it was just his policy as someone who'd worked in that world. I found that very eye-opening and now even the worst service I Still tip like 15% because I'm like the he's still gotta pay your rent so that I put food absolutely.
I don't want to clap in the phone, but I'm clapping in my head for you.
Thank you. That's that's you are a hero for that. A lot of people who there's a lot of people who get good service and do not tip still. Yeah. That's that's not cool.
That's not cool. And I don't want to get on a high horse and I don't want to go political again but to keep no, but I don't I'm feel like this should be political and it's almost. It's almost like a sick trick that they've politicize this to me. It's just simple logic that the server running around all night handing you your food gets two dollars and twelve cents an hour.
And then people who make literally 50 billion dollars a year don't even have to pay taxes. I just don't see how that is a political issue. I don't I don't see how you can be a human on earth and look at that and not go that's not right. So on a basic level. Yep, that's not cool sir.
Server test report after report their tips. So if they get caught lying about how much they did get tipped out that's that's that's tax fraud.
They should at least be able to just as a policy keep that under the table at the very least. Just and just say you're paying me.
Sorry Sally. You're paying me fucking 212 an hour. Yeah, hell you expect from me.
Yeah, you don't also get to take half of my tips. If we have to tax the crap out of my tips. Oh my God, huh wild stuff. Okay, your favorite dishes to cook the things that when someone orders it on menu are off are there things that come in with off-menu orders? Because I imagine often that's annoying but are there some things we are like, oh, that's a smart person who ordered something cool, and I'm glad I got to cook it.
I don't have any specific examples, but I do find myself all the time. I used to work at a restaurant that was breakfast lunch and dinner all day 8 a. M. To 9 p. M. And we had endless toppings for anything so many options for sandwiches and salads and whatnot and people were allowed to customize whatever they want. And I would find myself all the time being like that's a great idea. I'm going to do that.
Probably the best. Cuz I do notice when I'll stop my head because I still eat it regularly is blueberry bagel with cream cheese on one side.
Blackberry jelly or blueberry jelly on the other side a sausage patty and a piece of provolone cheese and in sounds weird, but it is amazing.
So you got two amazing two types of cheese and you're mixing Smoky breakfast sausage with Jam. Yeah Yes sounds counterintuitive to me, but yours and when people put in these customized orders as a chef is there any Are you that's gone? I gotta write that down because that was amazing and I got to use it someday.
Oh, yeah for sure and there's times where it's like that turned into a special sandwich because somebody had a good idea. They don't know that it became our special for the day, but I know that they came up with it.
There's one guy. There's one I'll give you a real quick story. And then I have a redneck guy that came in to one of the restaurants. I worked at and it was the one where you could customize. Anything and he told the server and it's out. It wasn't on our menu. He told the person I'm gonna do my best southern accent. I want a bird dog.
And she said what he said a bird dog. Dog, and she said what's a bird dog? And he said it's a hot dog bun with two chicken tenders two pieces of Swiss cheese, honey mustard and then and bacon on top and you can bring it out to me and I didn't say it like that, but that's what he that's what he ordered and that the next day was a special for the day. It's like that's a great idea.
It's a bird.
It's a bird dog.
I feel like a lot of parents listening to this. Just what oh my God a combination hot dog chicken fingers. I will feed that to my Is that you I've also heard that even fine dining restaurants will quietly keep chicken fingers on the menu because chicken fingers are one of the only reliable things that can get a tantrum throwing kid to sit down and eat.
Oh at our role at the restaurant I work at now is if there's kids at the table and they order food send that out first get it out ASAP make sure that kid is eating before everybody else so that they're happy and if they want something else will send that out as well later on.
So even at a fine-dining case, it's like are you even a fine dining place? You like note will cook a grilled cheese real quick for you. No problem.
Yep, get it out there.
The sushi restaurant. I worked at we had chicken teriyaki and there were so many times. I cook chicken breast sandwich has just playing with cheese on them. Here you go for like four kids and whatnot. He's always reliable always reliable, but any other questions that you have about the restaurant industry because I I have more that you if you ask I got it.
Well, we only have two minutes left this one flu. Yes. Two minutes to me. I have a question for a lot of us listening out there because your Chef I am a truly terrible cook to the point where I don't try and I live in a neighborhood legendary for food. So I get out all the time. Where do I start? What are the things that are going to make me gain confidence for first?
I want to answer one of the questions you ask before. I then answer. My favorite thing to cook is chicken. Marsala. I love it. There's so many variations and it's an easy thing to cook best place to start trial. He don't go too hot too fast. That's a get the common mistake is just turned of the stove on high and put in the pan on second thing lots of butter more than you think that you need and just try seasonings look online.
There's a there's a thing. I always use that I have posted in the kitchen to flavor wheel and it'll have spices and on the opposite side of the spice. It will show what it pairs with. So if it's like orange zest it pairs with Fish seafood it's butter. You want to pair it with some zest then you got your some lemon zest for your Lobster whatever, you know, it's just one of those things where you few parrot. Well anything can work the food will is that something I can buyers but chefs?
Last thing I guess I want to get out there real quick. If we have time is I love your show and I've actually never heard any of your stand-up jokes before I have Spotify and I don't think you're on Spotify. I am on Spotify.
Oh God my career.
Yeah.
I have two albums on Spotify and I'm putting on another one in a week or two. Oh goddamn. I promise you I have time it's a lot for me to do right now. I'm going to the kitchen and put it on.
I have to do it now outright sins of my work.
No, it's just The state of the world listen, I'm gonna give you an extra minute because we got 15 seconds left, but there's one question. I've been meaning to get to okay and I mean no offense, but you might be you might be you might have a six pack and be the most chiseled have to preamp it. You know, it's you know, it's Kaizen the question you might be like chiseled six-pack greatest looking guy in the world like Brad Pitt low, but when you're a chef do you get to date out of your league a little bit because people because the hot people are like, well this person's gonna cook me some dope best food in the morning.
I'm 5 10 140. So I'm pretty skinny. My role is never trust a fat Chef because it doesn't work hard. He's not working hard enough to burn those calories off, but I will say cooking gets if you're going to be a chef do it because women love it and there is lots of opportunity just to you you want me to have come over tonight cook you dinner bring a bottle of wine and you are set up my friend.
More solid some wine. You got it. You got it. Good.
It's like make sure you cook those eggs good. It's like shooting fish in a barrel and then you take the fish and then you take some butter and you pair it with some lemon zest because that what batches on the food wheel the best way to end this podcast. I love you. I love you too. I hope I get to eat your food someday.
Thank you my friend. Hey, remember don't let the negative things get in your life. Stay focused and be positive.
Chef thank you for everything we learned so much we learn so much and it's really cool to pick your brain. Could I talk to you for another hour? Do it everybody? Don't forget that beautiful follow-ups up on Stitcher premium right now sign up with code stories. You get some money off check out all these follow-ups. They're good. Thank you. Jared O'Connell shall shag. Thank you for the music that shows coming up memory including a live taping in San Francisco Chris gethard. Tickets like she'll go to a podcast rate review subscribe.
It takes a toll on you quickly. On her 22nd birthday, a former model who became a flight attendant talks to Gethard about her old career (scouted at a Jonas Brothers concert) and her new career (dont go barefoot into the airplane bathroom). This episode is brought to you by Morgan & Morgan (www.forthepeople.com/stories), Aura Frames (www.auraframes.com/stories), Joybird (www.joybird.com/beautiful25), and Native deodorant (www.nativedeodorant.com code: BEAUTIFUL).
READ LESS
Hello to everybody who loves a good upgrade one phone call.
No name no holds bar here.
Welcome to another episode of beautiful Anonymous show where we're trying to cut through all the noise and static.
Well actually get to know Humanity one person at a time as tall order, but we try to do it as you do just want to say really really quickly if you're in New York City and you're looking for something to do on New Year's Eve.
I'm hosting a show at Littlefield Brooklyn one of the great venues for comedy these days. It's out Gowanus and it's from 7 to 9 p. M. So I'm designing this show so that if you if you want to do something fun before you start partying I got you covered and also if you are Like me a new parent or a perpetually exhausted human and you want to go out and do something and then go home. It's over by nine o'clock. So you can get your tickets at Chris gift. Com that New Year's show. It's going to be really fun. I've got some great Comics lined up back to this episode The call you're about to hear we could have spent an hour talking about this person's current profession could have spent an hour easily talking about this person's past profession when you hear about person's family life.
There's some real struggles their did my best to balance all of them. I found myself wildly fascinated by all of this. Let alone the fact that one person dealt with it all and is dealing with it all and also at such a young age. I wish I had said this at such a young age such a good head on her shoulders.
So when I say buckle up and make sure your seat is in the upright position. Enjoy the call.
Thank you for calling beautiful Anonymous a beeping noise will indicate when you are on the show with the host.
Just hello Hi. How are you? Oh my God, is this real? I think so unless we're all living in simulation. You know, who knows if anything's well. That's what that could be the case. Oh my God, my heart's beating like really fast. Oh no need I did it the end of the day. I'm how are wildly average? How am I I'm telling? Okay. I'm tired. I'm tired. People are tired of hearing me say that though.
Yeah. I mean, I'm good. I'm good. Overall. Good overall fight. Of the seasonal depression stuff doing a good job of that enjoying life with our little boy loving my wife. Traveling a bit too much. I've been booking some work in Los Angeles. I'm getting flown back and forth, which is very cool. And I have an easy life.
Oh, that's cool. Probably warmer there. You're in New York. Yeah. Yeah, but I am ready to not be on planes anymore. Well, I know that that's a very privileged thing to complain about. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I guess that's true. I so I also live in New York. I live in Brooklyn nice and it's pretty it's Yeah, it's pretty dreary out there today. Yeah, but I guess I could say I'm in a similar privileged position to you. I'm a flight attendant. So what I live in New York, but I'm not here all the time. Yeah. Oh I got questions for you.
I hope you do. I hope you do.
Yeah, so I mean I haven't it's been really slow lately, which is surprising, but I'm hoping it'll pick back up, you know with holiday traveling and stuff. Wait, are you not on? Just regular routes isn't that how that works? No, well, okay, so I'm pretty new I've been flying that. I had my flight attendant graduation ceremony in April.
So I've been here we'll what is that eight months. I've been I've been doing this for eight months. So I'm on I'm on reserve Reserve. So I'm basically a substitute flight attendant. So when someone else calls out sick I get to go to my job. Is that why you're in New York? Because we've got JFK LaGuardia and Newark so that there's those are three masts of airports black. I would imagine those are through like you want to be right in the middle so you can pick up the gigs.
Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Well, so a lot of what a lot of flight attendants and Pilots Jews. They a lot of people actually don't live in the city of that. They're based in you know, they'll commute in because we just hop on a plane, but I said, you know what? I you know, you only live once no Leo. On one so why not moved to New York City nice, so I moved here in April from Chicago.
That's cool Chicago and another Hub. Why another major another Hub? I know I know everyone everyone would anybody that I work with my boss of Chicago. They say are you trying to get back there? Because everyone that I work for we have a bunch of kago as well, but I'm like no I well maybe eventually but you know, you could've when else are you while I guess you live in New York, but you know, I mean what else am I going to live in New York? I don't know.
So I mean I've just I've been having fun. Yeah. It's worth it. Brooklyn is for all the hype and the buzz and the hubbub at the end of the day. It is still a magical place on its best days. It's such a magical place. Oh my God. I love it. I really do. I love it. I just oh my God. Yeah, it gives me chills to Skyline. Give me chills.
I will say like probably one of the best sites that I've seen that I ever will see and my life we when we're flying in obviously, there's You know a bunch of different runways at LaGuardia specifically, I would say LaGuardia is the airport that I fly out of most often and it's it's the easiest one to get here from where I live.
So one bus stop one bus stop and I'm at LaGuardia. Yeah. Well, it's Subway and then a bus but yeah. Yeah, I'm includes though. I'm a queen. So I just jump on the bus and I'm right there. Oh your aunt cui as you jump on the bus. I love flying up a jump on now. I am not going to ask you what airline you're at, and I don't think Actually smart for you to reveal it. So let's not but I will say yeah, no. No, I won't. Yes. I will say that LaGuardia can be a bit of a mess, except I fly primarily Delta and they have their own terminal. They're quite quite nice.
They have their own terminal there. Yes, quite best. Yeah. No, I work for I mean one of the one of the major airlines in the US, okay, but you were saying mostly flat a LaGuardia. I know. Yeah, most of all out of LaGuardia. Okay, I mostly fly out of an interior Guardia and there's different obviously different runways that you can fly in and out of and different routes. You can take when you're approaching New York to land into the airport.
And there's this one route. I guess that they take some time so and Attila Guardia and would you fly it at night? You will be I mean you live in New York, you might have experienced this but you're flying New York and you're flying like right over the city like it's kind of scary almost but over the Empire State Building cool.
Yes, like yeah like you could reach out and touch it and you can see down into Times Square and oh my God, I mean, I mean, I've only been here eight months. It's not like I've been flying for years and years and years, but I mean, I've seen it quite a few times now and every time I just get full-body chills, I love it.
Yeah, I like it. I like it a lot. It's beautiful. It's funny. It's like it's weird. I've always found that when it flies on that way, you look down at the island of Manhattan and it almost looks like a board game set. Yeah, it looks like you're set up a board game of Manhattan, but you know, you know not to be my Cobb not always the best mental feeling to be flying in a commercial airliner right over the skyscrapers of New York.
Also kind of also kind of weird also kind of weird a little yeah a little Eerie like it's it's a little yeah, no totally and it's weird but oh my gosh when you do it at night and you see all those those sparkling lights, it's magical Welcome to New York. Yeah, and then you come in and queens. You see the unisphere the old World's Fair Globe.
Yep. Yeah, I'm really not so familiar with Queen like yet, you know, but good food out. I do I mean the airports are in Queen. So I I go there mostly to go to the airport but most the time I'm over here in Brooklyn or or in Manhattan, you know living the life live in The Young Person's life Livin the life. I know it's true that you want to know something. Yeah.
Today is my 22nd birthday. Happy birthday. Thank you. Yeah, it's my it's my 22nd birthday, but it's kind of gross outside. But we mostly it's we mostly did all of the birthday celebrations over the weekend. So that was really fun. We went to Olive Garden Square. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. We went to Olive Garden in Times Square because you liked it or as like an ironic and Like a hipster joke, which one?
Wow, I wish it was an ironic hipster dog. But so my friend one of my good friend Mona my best friend from Chicago she flew in to hang out with me for my birthday and we were on the subway home and we just started talking about where should we eat and somehow already came out but I said, I don't exactly where an Olive Garden is really is one in Times Square.
Uh-huh. So you live in Brooklyn.
You live in Brooklyn, so you could have been like we can go to Deforest Pizza where and 80 year old man has been making pizza his whole life makes it by hand. I know I love you. I know but you can go to Williamsburg. We can go to places where chefs from all over the world have moved to ply them breed. We can go get Polish food right in Greenpoint from people who?
Yeah. Got it Bensonhurst in Bay Ridge for for Italian food, or we could go Two fucking Times Square and push our way past the dirty Elmo's need to Olive Garden. This is weirdly expensive to now, I feel kind of embarrassed. No, I'm just ribbing you. Come on. I know no I know. No I know but no it was honestly it was really good. Yeah, you're really good at that unlimited breadsticks unlimited breadsticks. What more could you ask for for your birthday?
De a lot a lot a lot more than I want to hear everything about your life. I also have like a million questions about the flight attendant lifestyle. Sure. Can I get the meadow? Oh, yeah. Yeah, and you've only been doing it eight months. You said or you lived in New York eight months, but I won't so yeah, you don't have all the answers.
No, I definitely don't have all the answers. But yeah, so I was living I was in Chicago. I was living with my mom.
I applied to be a flight attendant as soon as I could you for the airline that I work for you have to be I think 20. So I think I applied right when I turned. And it was a really really really long process. It was kind of a weird time and the airline and like they didn't have any more training classes until a few quite a few months out. So I had to wait a while, but I finally went to training when I was newly 21. I went in February it was six weeks of training.
I found out probably halfway through those six weeks that I was going to be based in New York City. We had two choices. They said you can be based in New York City or you could be based in In DC, obviously, we have hubs everywhere. But those are the only two that were accepting more flight attendants into their hubs at that time.
And so I kind of said well, we'll just try New York. You know, I love Taylor Swift Taylor Swift what obviously I know who Taylor Swift song about, New York. Oh my God, Chris. I'm old white guy. How does it go? I'll know it. If you remind me how it goes remind me how it goes. Yeah. Okay. No, no every song about do. You know, how many songs are about you?
I've been waiting for you. Welcome to New York know, I've literally never heard that Jarrett's nodding his head. Yes that he has. I have literally never heard that song. So I just listened to my old pop punk from the 90s and stuff like that. Okay, well, I mean, that's really that's awesome. But Tim has really good. Dude, you're 22. There's really good. I'm listening to music that you that came out when you were.
Like two or three years old that was underground like that. Okay, no now, okay, so you get the gig so you've always wanted to fly.
Sounds like not always well. Okay, so I had I guess like a different sort of way that I went through like high school and stuff. So when I was 11 years old, I was scouted as they say to become a model and yeah, and I started modeling. And Chicago for you know department stores and catalog things and stuff like that. And that was my dream.
And so when I went to high school and I did a mixture of like sometimes I would be a regular school and then sometimes I would withdraw and do online school because I was traveling I did I spent actually some time in New York and I was 16 I lived here for a month. Or to seeing agencies and stuff and then I did the whole Fashion Week thing and I went to Milan and Paris and I lived in Paris. Whoa about three months when I was 16. Yeah.
So this is this is not like you're a kid and they put you on like a local car ad this went far. You took it to Milan and you did Fashion Week stuff. Yeah. Yeah. I did. I did it was it was cool. It was a really really cool. France but I was 16 I was so yeah, I mean I tell you I've got 22 today. But yeah, I did all that when I was 16 and that was my dream and I wanted to do everything and I wanted to be a Victoria's Secret model and do all of the things of course because you're 16 and that's what you want to do. Do they call them Angels but yeah the Angels but they actually they canceled the Victoria's Secret.
I don't know if you heard they're not doing it anymore because of because of reasons that I think are completely Fair looking at it from an outside perspective. I think that's well. I don't know. I don't know nothing probably the better thing but this is as foreign to me as a Taylor Swift reference.
Well, yeah. So anyway, I did that when I was young and then I had some issues from it as many many many people do feel like flight attendant questions are far less important now I want to get to that to come back to them come back to mostly I just want to know how I can get more points because I fly so much in obsessed obsessed with points.
Do you meet people a lot more obsessed with points? Yes. No point so much. I have people reach out to me asking for buddy passes a lot buddy peso. Right? Right, right because you can get some study passes. Yeah, kinda I mean I can't get free buddy passes. I can get discounted standby ticket. Yes. I am about to make gold status for the Year and thank God because I was about to have to downgrade from Congo Raj relation to downgrade from gold to Silver back to being silver dirt person.
That's awesome. That's amazing. But when you do fly a lot, yeah now when you meet one of these platinum or Diamond people though, these people get special treatment. They get this puppy have yeah. I mean we have people I won't say like the name of you know, the program or whatever that it's called that they have to be invited in these secret programs.
Got it. Yeah. I know he invited and you have to be invited and if you do that, you know as a Dress them by name and they have their own entrance that meet our present. Let me tell you about this because I've read up on this. It's my dream. It's my dream. My understanding is a lot of these are people who are like corporate Flyers who fly first-class International a lot and who also have the ability to say, I'm coordinating a whole team that's traveling and and the end so they bring a lot of money to the airline's they get invited these people.
These programs I started noticing I used to fly United all the time and they'd say, you know, yeah, if you have kids if uniformed military Global Services and then provide that data and I was like, what's Global Services? I Google it you get invited they'll pick you up at your house. If you have a layover, they'll do your laundry for you at the airport if there I read a story once about a plane that landed and a person had a connecting flight and they had a car.
Onto the runway and pick them up and drive them to the next plane. So they wouldn't have to walk in the turbo what you want to hear something even crazier than that. So we have this new thing and I know it's in New York and it might be other places as well. They will pick you up in a helicopter what and they'll fly you to the runway to the tarmac and basically and I don't even know the logistics about because you have to go through security at some point. So where do they drop you? You still have to go through security and whatever but They will fly you in a helicopter from New York City to the airport.
So if you're like if you're living in like a mansion up in Connecticut or Jersey your big baller I send the helicopter come get ya these That's How do I get in on this these mother? First of all these 1% motherfucker. Sorry cell second of all, how do I get invited to this?
Okay, I don't even know I don't even know anyway, okay, let's talk about the more important thing. So you said that you're a model this takes off quickly because okay because you get scouted when you're 11, you're in Milan and Paris by the time you're 16. So this moved fast did your family have any background in this stuff or did it just up and everybody's life?
No, not at all. Not at all. So when I was really really really Young people would kind of stopped my mom if you like. Oh, she's really cute. Like, you know, you should get her in the modeling. So she tried when I was a kid, but I was just so like so completely disgustingly. Shy that. I just it was awful and I wouldn't look at the camera and it was really bad. So she was like, okay, this is not for her and she never tried to force me into anything.
And so then when I was a little older I was 11 and I was scouted at I told us Brothers concert. I'm aware that they are. Came up and there's this woman from this agency approached us and she said is this your daughter? You know, she's really beautiful and whatever and you guys should reach out to us. And so you looked at these people and we found that they had some some legitimate people on their roster. I guess, you know people that had done cool things in the modeling world, and so we did some Put them and then they kind of got me hooked up with my agency in Chicago. And that's when I did department store stuff and then it was kind of always the goal. They're like, okay, you know when you turn 16, you'll be old enough and we could buy you out to New York and you can able agencies there and then Fashion Week and out at all and that's what happened and it was really really cool and I did all that and and that really really cool people and I met some cool designers and stuff like that, but it takes a toll Olan you quickly quickly.
I think that's as good a time as any to pause and remind you guys that very often modeling is done to promote products and services. And we do that around here as well that adds checking out use promo codes. It really helps show any do we'll be right back.
With joy bird your personal one-of-a-kind style should match your furniture bring your mood boards to life with hundreds of customizable pieces and over 50 Fabric and leather options Three Shades of wood and over 250 unique Silhouettes from Joy bird fabric Swatch kits allow you to see and touch all of their Fabrics to find the perfect choice tell you what I am moving to a house instead of an apartment going out got ourselves. A joy bird couch and I'll tell you why it's not because they're an advertiser's because they're a good company. My wife loves their stuff said we gotta have this as the centerpiece of our living room Joy bird. It's no joke each piece is made with Ultimate Care and precision using real wood and responsibly sourced materials that all those harmful chemicals create furniture that matches your own Fearless style at Joy bird. Com, / beautiful 25, see how Joy bird can help make your dream space for real.
80 today at Joy bird. Com beautiful 25 go to Joy bird. Com beautiful 25 receive an exclusive offer for 25% off your first order by using the code beautiful 25. I travel a lot as a true fact about me. I'm always on the road doing comedy shows doing live tapings Beautiful Anonymous to spend a lot of time in airports. I obsess over frequent flyer miles. You guys know this about me now. I'm also someone who needs medical care my mental health and I've been in a situation many times where I am in the city.
It's far from home and I need access to that care. This is why I'm so excited to tell you about teller doc tell a doc gives you 24/7 access to your doctors doctors are board certified. You can get in touch with them anytime anywhere. This is for non emergency conditions. Of course, you know, like a sinus of infection allergies flu rashes all these things you run into their board certified doctors can diagnose treat and prescribe medication when medically necessary to be delivered to the pharmacy of your choice tell a doc is available through most insurance or employers at $45 or less of visit want to tell the docs testimonial States.
I am an RN and I have little time. Personal issues let alone being sick while caring for the ill this service called me after setting up an account and requesting an MD visit in minutes. This service is actually amazing and I only wish I would have utilized it sooner download the app today or visit Tela doc. Com stories to register today. So you're ready when you need a doctor's care or schedule a doctor visit today.
Don't forget to download the app or visit tala doc. Com stories.
Thanks everybody for listening to Ed's considering helping out the show by using the promo codes. Now. Let's get back to this conversation and that really really cool people and I met some cool designers and stuff like that, but it takes a toll on you quickly quickly and ways to me explain this tall because first being a 16 year old kid in an industry where people let's face facts.
Models are sexualized models are oh, yeah sexual images very often. Yeah, you're 16. This doesn't seem like a great combination. Yeah.
No, and so I will tie mean I never really experienced. Like I don't know I never felt like I was being taken advantage of and like I never really felt super sexualized. I don't know. I guess I never got really to that point for me. It was more just like the body image thing. And you know, I I did it when I was 16 and they and they measure you and you have to stay within the model measurements and they put a tape measure around your waist and your hips and Can you have to be within the inches that they want you to be within and I will say I do think now it's changing. I mean that was what that was. I was 16. So that was in late 2014 and already is changing even more but in 2014 and what I experienced was they would put a tape measure around you and you had to follow them these measurements. If you didn't they would be like, okay go home lose weight come back when you when you're skinnier, and and I experience that actually like I was 16. And I went to New York and I don't know if I was my I did my hips they were an inch or half inch too big and they said we're going to send you home for like a week or two weeks or something.
And when you come back, you need to have lost that half inch or whatever it was and I did it I did it. So I went home and I was eating so little and I was eating plain grilled chicken and plain I quite and Carrots and cauliflower and I was walking like six miles a day, but they didn't want you to run cuz running would build muscle and they didn't want muscle. They just wanted you to be really really swim and so I was walking six miles a day and doing Pilates for an hour a day or two hours a day and I just had this total tunnel vision that I needed to be the size that I needed to be when I went back to New York and I did it and they went back and he was so proud of me and I it was amazing. And and yeah, and then they kind of threw me into fashion week and I was going to castings and everything and then I went to Milan and then I went to Paris and then I ended up staying in Paris for two or three months to shoot with different photographers and and do that sort of stuff but it was just crazy because I was 16 and I already was so small because when you're 16, you're just you have a II mean at least me. I had like a kind of a child's body at that time.
And even that wasn't really small enough so as I got a little bit older and I got turned 17 and 18 and it became a lot harder and I struggle with it. I struggled with it for like a while because that was my dream since I was 11 basically and I learned that that could be a possibility for my future but But thankfully I eventually like figured out that it just wasn't going to be a healthy possibility and I was able to let go of it but it took it took a lot to let go of that. I mean I went through like, you know years of therapy and Body Image struggles and that sort of thing. So it was it was hard that thankfully I got out of it and I found I guess I mean, I think my favorite part of it was traveling.
I found another way to do that and not have to conform to these insane standards that they set I'm glad you found your way out of it because thank you me too to hear that story. But to know that you know to know that you were 16 you went through that. There's a lot of people who I think might fall into a track of chasing that their whole lives and to hear that by the time you were 21, you'll go to a Time Square Olive Garden and eat. The breadsticks is like feel like probably a lot of people who a lot of people with your story probably never get back to that place where they can just let their guard down and enjoy bread.
Yeah. No, absolutely and it took me.
It took me a long time. I mean so that was that happened when I was 16 and when I came back after three months in Paris, I kind of went. Aunt I don't know I just I had sort of a meltdown and I had these six months I was like I'm not going to model at all and that was just too much and then I gained I mean, I don't want to see a ton of weight, but for me it was it was I gave like 30 or 40 pounds and then once I was I mean, I don't know I think I don't even know what how many pounds I weigh probably like a hundred and fifteen when I was modeling some tall tall and a hundred fifteen for somebody that I mean, I'm 510 that's really small.
Then I was gained all this weight and I was maybe like a hundred and forty and I felt and like At first I was okay, but then I I don't know I guess it kind of settles and I was like, oh my God, I'd huge and I was not I wasn't huge but I felt like that at that time 5 10 140. I feel like is probably I don't stop I would imagine doctors would probably say that's like still you're still tiny. Oh, yeah. No, absolutely. That's like completely normal like completely normally. Even like on like this one side of normal, but you know, yeah and then so I kind of went through this weird phase where I was like, oh my God and just really like, I guess insecure and like self-confidence stuff.
So then I did like the complete opposite and then I was like, no I got to get back. So I like lost it all again. And then I was like 115 120 again and this time I was 17 or 18 so, you know, then you have I guess more of like somewhat of a more womanly body and then you're back to like 120, which is just insane that 510 and that's when I kind of just had more of like, I guess eating disorder mentalities and it was more of a more of a problem. And so then I finally like talk to my mom and I got in therapy and I still struggling with a lot like It took a long time and then when I was 20, so I guess this is almost like two years ago. Now my I had a younger sister. She was 17 and she struggled with depression for a lot of her life and she took her own life when she was 17 and when that happened it like completely changed how I saw like everything I guess about like myself and just the world.
Whatever and after that like I never really had I mean I'm not going to say never had a another insecurity. But like I just realized like wow the things that I have been focusing on our so unimportant and the that's when my dreams just kind of like Like I guess, you know change and I was like newly 20. So I applied to be a flight attendant.
Do I still wanted to travel and all this stuff? But I was like I can't focus on things that are so stupid and unimportant anymore. Well, I'm really sorry to hear that.
Thank you. Thanks. Yeah, I mean that's You know everything surrounding that issue is stuff that's been very, you know, it's affected my life and become very important to me in the stuff that I've talked about so that breaks my heart and I'm sorry you had to go through it. Thanks. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah, I mean it was definitely like the hardest thing that I've had to go through yet, but I will say I mean it I mean every every dog is cloud has a silver lining is I guess and I guess it in some ways. It did show me these, you know things that were really important.
So I didn't know and I guess I have I also have this like cheesy the super cheesy image of my sister and I don't know where I stand on religion or that sort of thing or where she is now, but I do hope that she's somewhere hopefully maybe and I kind of have this image of her getting to the other side of wherever the other side is, you know, and is she that she really didn't know that I like had all these struggles and Getting to other side of that and and looking at me and being like wow. Okay. No, we're not going to we're not going to do that. We're not going to deal with that and like her kind of being like no, we're going to fix these problems and you're not going to you're not going to deal with that anymore and that's going to be over.
So that's kind of this like weird choosing image that I have her be helping me, I guess or like fixing those problems. I don't think that's cheesy. I think that's a beautiful. Thanks. Yeah. Thank you. Ow.
Thanks. Yeah, so so yeah, that's that was my cousin my modeling Adventures. I mean it was I I had a lot of cool experiences. I have a funny story kind of I I think it must have been New York and I went to this casting. Can I I can say like a designer right? That's okay. Yeah. I'm not I don't need to protect some fancy designer.
So I went to this casting. Well, this is it. I mean, I'm not talking anything bad about this designers Tommy Hilfiger and I love Tommy Hilfiger, but I went to this casting for his show and I was 16 and I was really I guess uneducated. Well, I thought I was educated about like the Fashion World stuff, but clearly not because I didn't know I don't know. I I knew Tommy Hilfiger. I need the name and I knew was close, but I went in to the casting room and they're least two old older white men in the corner. Turner and I was looking around on the course the casting where the model so I went up to these two men and I'm like hi.
I'm a model and I knew from the casting I don't know where to go and this man just looked me up and down and just stared at me for a good 15 seconds. And then he said it's in the other room and I was like, okay cool. Thanks walked in walked out. I was with my like agent manager, whatever you want to call him and we were in the elevator on the way back down and he's like to know who that was and I'm like who And he's like that man that you talked to at the beginning when you didn't know where you're going and I was like know if you'd like that was Tommy Hilfiger us that and I have no clue that's like super wild super wild that's like auditioning for a movie and walking up to like Martin Scorsese or Steven Spielberg, like in your world that is that is equivalent right Freddie pretty much. I mean, you know for a lot of like the really big designers the desires not the one casting the show. So I didn't really expect them to be there and no I didn't know you looked like I probably should have looked it up, but they have casting directors and I really I do who the casting directors won't were more than I knew who the actual designers were because those are the people that I was interacting with and they'll have one casting director they cast like two or three different really big shows. So I would see those people I knew who those people were but um, he's probably not actually going to be there but no he was did you get the gig?
No, no, not that one. Maybe he'll figure was like no this crossed some lines and we put out was punctured. Yeah, looks like that barrier.
Yeah, I didn't worship him. I didn't even know who he was like, I'm not putting this girl on my show.
No, that's okay to say that's it. Yeah, so that was there's so many layers so many layers to your story. Yeah. It's why our little ears there are I know I feel like I'm kind of all over the place but it's like, how do I even start? How do I start this story? Yeah. I want that. Yeah, there's a lot of different things. I have to imagine to because the number of things jump out. Let's throw my questions out there.
I feel like when you're 11 and you start modeling and then when you're 16, and it's like hey, you might have a chance to do this internationally. And you said you were with your mom when I started so clearly you're in a family environment. I would have to imagine. That your parents are going. Well, there's pitfalls to this life and we're going to really watch out for them.
And I would imagine that yeah any parent whose kid gets into modeling is immediately going to go we're gonna watch out for body image stuff. We're going to watch out for eating stuff and then you fell into it outside and you know, even under that umbrella of hearing that your parents were with you at the start. How does that happen?
Yeah. Well, so Yeah, so my parents were divorced when I was really young. So I was mostly with my mom. We saw my dad, you know, like on weekends and stuff. But well, I'm not even on weekends with mold. My dad has another layer to my storage my dad struggled with alcoholism since I was about six and that's when my parents divorced. So we saw him like, I mean I loved him he was a really it was a really good good person and he was a good dad, but he had an illness and so we saw him. We could we would I mean my mom was always really awesome and she would take us to see him in his treatment centers and you know, so we saw him when we could but it was mostly my mom.
My mom was the one that raised me and she know she was really supportive. But at the same time she had and she was supportive and she was a what's the word I'm looking for. I guess she watched her things and you know, but she had three kids and and I was just so young and I was always like so saying growing up naturally like my metabolism is just so high. So she never really thought anything when that I was 16 and 17. I was still like really thin whatever and she just didn't really just like well, that's just how she is because I went that way, but I don't know.
Yeah, and then and then when I was little my dad died when I was 16, and that's kind of where my sister is depression all started in everything. So there was just and so my my sister is struggling with depression. My brother is also struggled with depression. He's doing better now, but there's just there was so much going on like so much going on that. I mean, I would I had focused but I wasn't her main focus of attention and I don't know I like Understand why is she but I mean she did see things and I told her things and I was usually pretty open with her and she got me into therapy and got me help I needed it. But there were just so many things to pay attention to that.
I wasn't like, you know, the only I wasn't me living in Paris wasn't the craziest thing that happened. I would imagine to that in a situation where there's a lot of pain and a lot of turmoil you're having these things that feel like exciting and magical and maybe there's positivity for all family or you and your mom at least be like, oh my God this yeah. He's young and could see that side of it, too.
Yeah, no. Yeah, totally. Yeah, it was it was really cool and it was it was a lot of fun a lot of the time it was fun for her and I know it was really fun for my dad when he I mean so he he died later in 2014, you know and I was like later in my 16th year, I guess so he still he was there to witness me like doing all these cool things in Fashion Week and traveling internationally and he was so into it and thought it was the coolest thing. So it was totally it.
Sources like happiness and excitement and stuff He's been through a lot for someone who's just turning 22 today a lot. I know isn't it? There's a lot there is a lot but some people have gone through even more but no it is. Yeah when so, okay, so I don't feel bad saying obviously you you're someone who's Walk The Runway during Fashion Week and has modeled in Milan and Paris.
You're clearly. We're on the phone I can. Can't see it. But clearly you are someone who is very beautiful by Society standards when you're beautiful. Do people Assume you don't have problems or do they resent you? You know what? I mean? Feel that? Yeah, I mean well, okay. Well first of all, thanks, I don't know I am tall and thin sure.
I think I think I'm okay. Okay. I mean if you're if you're doing fashion, but I need to Runway shows. No you really honestly you don't have to be beautiful and gorgeous. You have to be tall and then Right. It's that's wild living in New York too. Because during the Fashion Week, you know and the time surrounding it you walk around like Seventh Avenue and you'll see models on the street and some of them are like wow, you're like a six foot four person who looks like you from a different planet. It's not always like yeah, you are overwhelmingly not as person I've ever seen. It's like you are the most unique person I've ever seen. Yeah.
Anyway, no, yeah, exactly clearly truth to I don't think I don't think I'm extremely unique looking. I think I'm pretty And I'm pretty normal looking I guess I don't know. I don't know. Anyway, anyway, you don't have to be modest. You were a model. It's fine when you're in people. Sometimes people don't want to hear the problems of people who they perceive in that position.
Pretty interesting question. I'd like to thank answers are coming up soon. But in the meantime check out our appetizers, I've been telling you when you use the promo code that helps this show survive.
So just consider it would mean a lot if you did we'll be right back.
You ever run into a situation where you're traveling you're away from home. Maybe it's the middle of the night and you need a doctor that can be really scary. I travel all the time. I know this feeling coming down with something when I'm out doing stand-up and I'm in a city where I don't know anybody.
It can be really nerve-racking. I remember once being in Minneapolis and having a find a doctor last second and you're sitting there and you're stressing and we want my insurance this and all these questions, right? Well, guess what tell a doc gives you 24/7 access to board certified doctors anytime anywhere for non emergency conditions like a sinus infection allergies flu rashes and more that are board certified doctors can diagnose treat and prescribe medication when medically necessary to be delivered to the pharmacy of your choice tell the doc is available through most insurance or employers at $45 or less a visit no appointments, no waiting rooms, and I'm going to go catch germs that one of those Urgent Care Air units, you know, you're not going to go to the ER and it's going to be shockingly more expensive than you thought tell the doc is here to get you back to feeling your best no matter when or where you are download the app today or visit tala doc. Com stories to register today. So you're ready when you need a doctor's care or schedule a doctor visit today.
Don't forget to download the app or visit Tela doc. Com / stories.
Thanks, everybody for listening to the ads for helping to support the show for everything you do to help out beautiful animus. Now, let's finish off a pretty fascinating conversation. Sometimes people don't want to hear the problems of people who they perceive in that position. And I wonder if that felt lonely. Yeah, I know for sure.
I mean I will say like I think well, I don't know. I really always tried to be very like open about things that like I don't wasn't that my family dealt with and that was something that I had a lot of respect for my mom for two is that I think I mean I would never you know pass judgment, but when you see families that have struggled with mental illness or somebody that's taken their life and that kind of comes out a lot of times. It's like, oh, you know Are my brother died and that's kind of it. And that's like all you say and then people are like well what happened and oh, well he died and I was like I've seen that now that I have a sister that took her own life and I've you know related with other people and a lot of times that really is the story and I would never pass judgment on that but I was very very clear like a my mom was as well like from the beginning when she did take her life like we're not going to sit here and say, okay she passed away peacefully in her sleep, you know.
No, or like whatever it was like no, we're like, okay, she had a mental illness and she struggled with depression for years. And unfortunately, you know, she ended that and you're really devastating way, but we're not going to sit here and pretend that like, it's some weird thing or Riders are just not say what it was or whatever.
I just want to be very open and I remember in the obituary we part you know, like if you need help like reach out to you know, the suicide hotline and like all this stuff like you I don't know. I didn't want that. Like shame around it. So I hope that people like don't look at me and think like, oh my God, she isn't problem because I try to be very open about like, yeah, I do have like struggles in my family has gone through things and sure I'm a model and like that's really cool. And I'm really tall skinny, but also like my life isn't perfect and I try to be very very transparent with that. But no, I think they're probably still is Is biased you know growing up in school and people probably just assume that my family had a lot of money because I was traveling and whatever but that's not I don't know.
I don't know. I'm kind of rambling but I think you know what I'm saying? No, it's an answer to my question. And it's I'm he's yeah, I gotta say I commend you and your family because It's hard that's hard. You know there is a stigma and and I know I've talked about this publicly that when I was feeling my worse one of the things that I always used to sit there and it would fill me with these feelings of guilt and fear was like, you know, if I if I ever fire, you know, how because I don't know how much you know about me or if you saw the show I did but it deals with a lot of that stuff and I have had those feelings in the past and I remember feeling like oh man, it's gonna like If I ever do that, it's going to stick my family with this burden of of having to yeah having to explain that or not explain.
Yeah. Yeah. So hearing that your family has said that yeah and hearing that you guys said we're not going to show shame in this we're going to be public about it to encourage other people to get help. That's that's not easy still in 2019. That's not easy.
right Yeah, yeah.
Oh, so you just reminded me of something that I wanted to tell you and this is completely off-topic but you just reminded me so okay. So I will see you. I don't know like a ton about you. I definitely listen to your show. But so I just wanted to tell you if I've been listening to your show for about I don't know maybe three weeks or a month now.
All right, welcome reason. So thank you. So I'm kind of a new fan but this is the oh my God when he has to find I freaked out but so I Saundra show because I I wanted to make this show but I didn't know that it was a thing. So I had an idea like a year or two ago and I'm like, you know, what would be a really cool podcast because I listened to a podcast. I mean all the time like when I'm working out and I will see them all the time on the subway and whatever and a lot of the podcast that was since you were like True Crime and stuff, but I I had this idea I was like, um, I need to make a show where you just call a stranger and you have a Conversation with them and just see what they say and like see what they you know, what stories come out and I have this like really cool idea and I'm talking to my friends about it and look at it would be really cool and like completely dumb to the fact that was already a thing and then I was listening to I don't remember what I was I was looking at something and then one of the like ads or something was they were talking about your show, or maybe it was even add new but there's talking to your show. I don't remember I don't like whoa, that's my idea.
But like Bitch idea first I had it either the guy who played a Lana's boss of Broad City already. Got to that one.
You know that you didn't know I was on cloud city. That was my effort. I thought that was the one show that might fall into your demographic the office. I was on the office a lot of young people like the office, you know, I was on the out 22, I know that you are an office. I know that no, I know that's in high school like Moses cousin or something.
I was Trevor the guy who hit Oscar with the pipe sandwich delivery for Oscar Martinez. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I know that Dwight hired. Not much. You're Dwight. It's friend had Moses and the new one. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. I knew that you were connected to the whiten those I did know that actually I did and I'm a huge fan of your work in that episode. I can't thank you.
Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Yes. I know the things that I have a cousin who's a year younger than you and I have actually in a very pathetic way Esther like what do I what what are the things that I can be doing to get y'all get still like my stuff and I know that the office goes a long way that she'll has a long life. Anyway, anyway, listen, yeah, I live in Queens and a lot of weekends if they're doing construction on this one Runway at LaGuardia. They route the planes over my house and its really loud. Can you ask them to stop doing that?
I can absolutely put in a word for you. I totally will I know who I'm going to talk to you about. I'm going to find that person. Thank you. Yes, when we the weekend we moved in. It happened it was going on where I like every five or six minutes a plane would take off and go over house and be like wow and my wife was at like a really young child don't you we didn't then this was four years ago and okay. Okay and my wife I'll never forget the quote. She goes don't even unpack.
Fucking boxes. I'm not living here and I was like we bought this place that's weird. We're here and then luckily we realized it wasn't every weekend.
Okay. Well, I least it's not every weekend but absolutely I'm going to write a letter to him. Just tell me yeah. Oh, I don't know if you can meet ya. Okay, whispered of the pile before the fight like hey, let's just go like a couple degrees to the left or right so gathered can sleep in. Okay, I'll do it. Next time now. I can I say my my understanding of the flight attendant Lifestyles like you hear stories that like you said, like people don't always like you hear stories that people will keep More like crash pads, then houses at their end. There will be like five or six flight attendants all sharing a space.
And yep. You can't you're kind of like not rooted down anywhere and constantly, you know you by Nature I know from traveling alone. Yeah kind of nomad. Yeah. You're no met.
It's a little bit lonely. Yeah, is it and coming in the wake of everything that's happened with your family. I wonder if our of those things are connected or if I'm reading too much into this so I mean, okay. So yeah, so totally that's true. I don't live in a crash pad. I do live in an apartment but it is I guess you could say crash pad is I mean so we have an apartment where only star six of us.
There are six of us. It's a three-bedroom. And Brooklyn Welcome to Brooklyn fuck that we each pay $4,000 $4,000 a month, but it's close to the D train the most inconvenient train. It is so close to the geometry. I know it but yeah, yeah, so we but the thing is is like we're all invited in and there's there are six of us, but there are crushed like actual crash pads with there's like 30 girls living.
Unlike a I don't know maybe like a five or a six bedroom and they'll have like two or three or four bunk beds in one room. And I knew coming here. I was like I don't want to do that. I will share my room with one person but that just sounds kind of crazy. So I share my room with one person and everyone worked there six of us were all flight attendants and we're not all here. We're it's very rare that we're all here at the same time right now. I think there's like three of us here.
So, It's really like it's not as bad as it sounds when you say that you live in an apartment with six girls and three bedroom. There's bunk beds. That sounds probably like hell but it's not it's a really fun and we all get along really well and honestly like it's a really really good time. I never went to college so it's kind of like my college experience, but I'm getting yeah.
Yeah, I mean that sounds like a crash pad first of all anyway, but not one of these things because you've here you'll hear sometimes that people live in like a neighborhood in Queens where even on like, I've never heard of that and it's like oh, yeah, but there's 28. Yeah, I'd attendance and it's but you can get to JFK eight minutes, but do you think the right?
I don't know. I don't want to play armchair psychologist. Like do you kind of just need to be nomadic right now just to kind of be on your own and have some head space tanker stuff out. Maybe I don't know if it's really like a Conscious thing that I I mean, okay. So what I knew that I got this job. I still have like six to seven months before the training actually started. So I had six to seven months to keep living with my mom and I was just I was nannying and I just could not wait till I get out like I love my mom more than anything in the world, but I just couldn't wait till just have a change and I knew I didn't want to live in Chicago at least for a while.
I'll just I mean, yeah, I guess maybe it is just because of like there's just a lot that's happened there and I just needed like a total 180 but I mean I didn't know going to training where I was going to be based. I didn't know I was going to get New York and that have to live with this many people but I was just kind of really really happy that it was finally this time where I was going to start my career, I guess and I I don't know. I was just ready for like a fun adventure and obviously there's downfall to this adventure like living it up, but I was just you know, I was so excited and I'm its it is like it's really it's really fun. And I mean living in a bunk bed is a great problem to have compared to other things that could be going on. So, I mean, I'm having a lot of fun and but yeah, I mean, I don't know. Yeah, I don't know if there's a conscious thing like that. I need to kind of really independent lifestyle right now, but I guess that makes sense.
I don't want to put it on you. Just wondering although I have to say it better be fun. If you're 5 foot 10 sleeping in a bunk bed. If you're 5 foot 10, you get the top bunk of the bottom bunk which we talking here. I have the top bag. Of course, of course now the top by now. We have less than 10 minutes left. I'm going to fly through some questions. No pun intended as I said, okay, I realize that was a cheap joke.
Is it true that the flight attendants and Pilots will party pretty hard when you land in your destination have to wait overnight to get back.
No, I've not experienced that. I am creating a pilot right now, but dating a pilot and do you fly with the pilot ever know? No, I've never found it. He doesn't fly. He yeah. No, I mean I could get into it. But no, okay fair. Now when you're working, do you prefer working in coach because First class are the first class people better to deal with because they're having a cushy experience. So they're easier or are they more entitled?
You know, I would honestly it's kind of 50/50. I've had awesome people in those classes are so nice and I've had some stuck-up people I would say the majority of people that I deal with are are nice. I don't know if there's really like one that I prefer over the other. I like to have a mixer. I like to work in first class. Sometimes I like to work coach. Sometimes I like to get a little bit of both. I will say I do actually, you know, I think first class of kind of easier because there's just so much there's so many less people up there right there dealing with but on the Crossing on what kind of service in the link was quite well, that's true. Right like a first-class flight to Cleveland. It's just less people but those cross-country ones you gotta give everybody a ice cream sundae.
Yeah you do but you have so much time that I mean the flight like if it's a flight where you're doing that Intensive service. It's because it's a really really long flight kind of like well, I'd rather have something to fill my time. So it's not I don't know. It's a really it's a really easy job. I mean the hardest part is dealing with people but I was in like most of the time it's good and people are usually pretty nice. Do they give you training at least in my experience? Good great. Answer you are a truly nice person that's become clear in the call.
Do they give you training on how to deal with it when people try to enter the mile high club No, really. Have you ever run into that? They don't know I have not. I have a friend that told me that she saw two people. I got to the bathroom. I don't even think I don't know that she's kind of sleeping but that's just so close that do. You know how dirty those Laboratories like? Oh my God. Yes. That's my a lot. I see people walk Barefoot into the bathroom, but not even socks.
What are you think? No, I've done socks and I know I gross be worse really no socks is worse because that's when Jesus said if there's like yeah if there's anything on the ground, what are you know, just now I we have this one lady one time who she actually she was she when she's verify, I don't think she wouldn't talk to his birth, but she went into the lab and she came out and she kind of was like Hey, I'm really glad you need to make sure that I just want to tell you that the floor and the lab is it's wet.
And I was like well if you were wearing shoes, you wouldn't know that but you have to keep a straight face, but we're so sorry ma'am. We'll get right on that.
I'm not going in there.
Thank you for informing us without at home sometimes. Okay, how do you deal with? Yeah. Now I have a kid. He's coming up on eight months old. He's flown. Once when he was younger, he fell right asleep, but he's going to get to an age where he doesn't want to just sit there and when you see kids when you see someone like me roll up with a car seat, are you like no.
No, I'm not some people are maybe some people are are not but okay like again, I haven't been flying that longer believe in flying my eight months and I have yet to be on a plane with like a baby that won't stop screaming the whole fight. So I don't really have a problem with them yet. I think they're kind of cute. I'll give I'll give him some little we have those little plastic Wings, you know, sometimes if I like if I'm working at First Class cookies, I'll bring the cookies back to the caves and code because it's really cute and they get really excited.
I've had really good experiences with kids. I think the worst passengers that I've had on my planes are 50 to 60 year old white men. I'm not gonna lie make sense. She probably business guys who think they world owes them something. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, and maybe there were flying in. I don't know the 60s or whenever it was that flight attendants had a different reputation. I guess really they'll did it. They'll hit on you.
Not really like hit on me, but I have this I have this guy one time who actually he was sitting in coach, but I think he has a status. He probably booked his ticket really last minute. So he had to send Coach or something and he came back and he started asking me questions about the uniform and I was like, well this is kind of strange but I don't know maybe I don't know I was kind of naive about it. I looked at it with this like innocent Outlook and I'm like, okay. Well, I guess he's just curious about the uniforms. I'm like, oh, yeah, you know like there's different uniforms because he had said, oh, you're welcome different than the other girl and I was Yeah, we don't have just like one uniform. We have a collection and you can wear the dress you can wear the skirt with the shirt and the sweater or like, you know, those kind of explaining it to him and then he goes well, I don't think you guys have to wear uniforms at all.
And I was like, oh, well, what should we wear just like jeans like just really casual and he goes no, you should just wear nothing. Are you met, you know, maybe you can wear lingerie.
This is not where I thought the conversation was going. I don't like it. I just thought it was like completely normal until that for that and I was like, okay, you can go back to your seat now saying well he got up and said that to you. Yeah, you came to the back to the galley in the back and and I was like you need some and who like no, I'm just kind of stretching and I'm like, okay that's fine. You can stretch, you know, it's like you want to get up and move your legs. That's fine. If you want to have a conversation with the all the conversation with you as long as it's a normal one no such line and then you got to go and he's like, oh, I love it.
I love ginger ale.
I know that I have to give it to a I hate that is not the word so much. Yeah. Yeah. I know. I know it's really bad. I I've yet to be touched by anyone like, you know, I've heard stories of you walking the aisle someone like slap your butt or something and I can see you have already. Yeah, and that's never happened to me. Thank God, but if it ever does I've already told myself. I'm like it that happen. That person is getting absolutely nothing. They do not they don't even get pretzels. I know and I'm telling all other files. You just don't give them anything. Can you flag people like that in your punishment for anyone are you like allowed to let the airline know? Hey, this person is a sexual harasser and we maybe shouldn't have well, I mean, yeah, I would I would report it for sure. I don't know that they'd be flagged as like they could never fly again. I don't really know what the And I think they should I can't least tell my crew on that fight.
I think a one strike you're out rule you walk up to one of the flight attendants a I wish you were walking around in lingerie. Great cook. Well, you're never flying again. You gotta go to Spirit Airlines now, buddy. No, I gotta go to Spirit Airlines where they don't even give you a seat. Yep. Yep spirit for the rest of you know recliners. No, he cannot recline ever again.
Spirit should be used as the prison of their lines the timeout box of Airlines.
Oh, yeah, you know No, you want to you think you're going to flare them fly American know you get two years on Spirit Airlines.
You Hindi motherfucker. Sorry, sir, the trying to curse. Yep. Now when some one minute and a half left when someone gets on the flight and they're already drunk. What's the protocol here?
As I see it all the time and then they sit down and I can I have a mimosa and the Jack and ginger and yeah, right go now if they're visibly drunk the gate agent should not let them on the plane. That's really up to the gate. He's at their the first barrier and they if they see someone that they know for sure is intoxicated. They should not let they're not supposed to let them on the plane. But if somehow they sneak by they get on the plane, we're just I mean we have to be on that plane as a time.
That's the door shut and we're well, I mean I For certain circumstances, we will go back to the gate but most of the time we won't even find out till we're in the air and then it's just kind of like, okay don't serve them. Give them some water. Give them a puke bag. I mean, you know, we just have to deal with them until we're back on the ground that 30 seconds left.
Yeah. I just want to say thank God. I'll die so quick it did and I got to say I would have listened to haul our about being a flight attendant. I could have listened to a whole hour about what it's like being a model. I could hear spend a whole hour and about a lot. Yeah, losing two members of your family at such a young age and To hear that.
I know I honestly do wish I would have planned it out a little bit better. But like I said, I've only I've only had like three weeks I think of this I've already you've already answered. That's the same. You know, it's okay. You did great. It was a hell of a car and I just want to say well I just want to say to I mean our times up but you've been at one point in this call. You said losing your sister is the hardest thing you've dealt with us far in your life and I will say I hope that you don't have to deal with many things harder than that for the rest of your life.
Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you for talking to me. I had a blast was a really fun our thank you for being so open and honest and I wish that I had more time to ask you what I can do to get Goodwill so I get more perks and upgrades, but I missed my shot.
Caller, thank you. Thank you for being so honest. Thank you for dealing with so much and being able to explain it. Thanks for pushing through the stigma surrounding suicide that was beautiful and hopeful and uplifting to hear from someone who is focused on a few about it as well. And I wish you know, I don't want to dwell on the dark stuff, but Could have talked about that one really sounds like you and your family has a bat and a strong and resilient beautiful.
Thanks for telling us about everything about modeling about light attending about all of it. Sorry. Some jerks get handsy jobs. Thank you the Jared O'Connell in the booth. Thank you to Shell Shack for all the music you want to know about me.
I got a lot of shows coming up Chris gets. Com and them.
Hey go to a podcast rate if you subscribe.
It helps see you next time.
Next time on beautiful Anonymous we talked to someone who we talked to three and a half years ago, but never actually won that you've heard and they tell us all sorts of stuff about dads stuff and masculinity and gender and it goes everywhere. It goes everywhere.
Spoke very briefly and I dropped my phone and it shattered and so I could hear you trying to regain the call.
Like my microphone wasn't working and it was I just I lived a nightmare for a few minutes and then I'm going to get back in touch with you and then random. I never expected to call the show again because it's it's in timing for worked out and then yeah Kismet I actually have today off so I had nothing going on amazing and we should be clear to anyone listening.
This was over three and a half years ago. We looked it up. It's over 3 years ago.
That's next time on beautiful anonymous.
Years ago, this caller dropped their phone while on the line with Chris and the call was lost forever. They finally re-connect and discuss passing for cis, family, masculinity and the musical Hamilton. This episode is brought to you by Aura Frames (www.auraframes.com/stories).
READ LESS
Hello to everybody who has stopped listening to beautiful Anonymous. It's beautiful Anonymous one hour one phone call. No names No Holds Barred Chris gethard here. Welcome to beautiful. Anonymous this episodes being released on Christmas Eve.
Hello.
Happy holidays to all the holiday season. And if you do celebrate Christmas Merry Christmas this show is a gift to meet really it's thank you everybody for supporting it want a very quickly mention if you're looking for something to do on New Year's and New York City. I'm hosting a show Chris gift of comfort info on that. And also if you're looking to give somebody in the Bay Area who's a listener to the show a great gift San Francisco sketchfest, Live taping of beautiful Anonymous also having a Chris gethard show tribute out there, which is awfully nice. I doubt many people come.
Anyway, we talked to someone who originally called three and a half years ago, but you never heard their call. Okay, that will be explained more in the course of the call. I'm really glad we did this though. So cool. This was someone from three and a half years ago. The show is a little different back then I think a lot of the longtime listeners are going to greet. Oh, yeah, this is Throwback to when the show was a little freewheeling a little less planned because this caller actually stopped listening to the show of while ago, which is neither here nor there. Does it sting a little sure am I gonna be a grown-up about it? Of course. I'm proud people stop listening. It's fine this person. It's like a calling from back in the days when we just go anywhere.
We talked about toughness and masculinity and the musical Hamilton and a whole lot of a lot of other stuff. So happy holidays and enjoy the call.
Thank you for calling beautiful Anonymous a beeping noise will indicate when you are on the show with the host.
Just hello. Whoa. Hey. Hi. Can you hear me?
I can hear you. Can you hear me? I can this is Chris. Hi Chris. This is not a person who's going to tell you their name because that's not how the show works.
Well done. Now. I want to explain for anyone listening. This is kind of unique and pretty funny situation. I don't know if you'd agree.
Probably but go ahead.
So, you know every every year we've been doing these beautiful follow-up calls and we get back in touch with prior collars and we were kind of going over. Oh, maybe who should we reach out to this person that person and I had said to Jared wouldn't it be funny if we if we talked to hot scoop who was the person who told a lot of poop stories? Wouldn't that be the funny one?
They call someone back be like, he's still pooping all the time and we were laughing. About it and that was in the very very early phase of the show and we tried to call back. The number that we thought was hot scoop and instead we got in touch with you and if my if I have all the facts straight from Jared and I vaguely very vaguely recommend this wreck.
Remember this rather. I'm the same day that we talked about scoop. We had prior talk to you but the call got dropped like less than 10 minutes in and we had and we only Now realized how to get back in touch with you is that the accurate representation that I don't know about the hot scoop portion of it.
Yes, but on my end. Yeah, we spoke very briefly and I dropped my phone and it shattered and so I could hear you trying to regain the call, but I my microphone wasn't working and it was I just I lived a nightmare for a few minutes and then I'm going to get back in touch with you and then random. I never expected to call the Again, because it's timing for worked out and then Jared reached out to me and yeah Kismet I actually have today off so I had nothing going on amazing and we should be clear to anyone listening.
This was over three and a half years. I was about three and a half years ago. We looked it up. It's over three years ago.
Yeah, I like I said I so I used to call him to the show whenever you would tweet the number. I had like a little alert set up because I'm a big old dork and I spent like maybe four hours on hold and this is never went through until the day that I finally did and then we talked for like you said like ten minutes and so I was like, okay. Well clearly it's not meant to be and I'm not going to try and force it.
No, it is meant to be a man is that guy hot scoop is still listening to The Show by all means have reach out to us. We lost your number I want. Your how your digestive tract is doing but in the meantime, we're going to give you the second opportunity. Do you still listen to the show? You can be honest. It's okay, if you don't know but my sister does like every night to no offense but to fall asleep.
It's very soothing 100% white podcasts are for I have my go-to podcast that I fall asleep to it's the history of Rome. So another identity of room. Yeah. It was I think it was like a very well-regarded early breakout podcast because one of the The first ones that it was like a historian putting in work and really researching it that being said it's very informational and educational but pretty dry. So it's great to fall asleep to and there's hundreds of episodes.
So I'm glad I'm honored to be your sisters fall asleep podcast sure is I don't listen to a podcast to fall asleep.
They have lectures from when I was an undergrad. I took a maps and mapping class and I had a very Soft-spoken South African Professor who would talk about Legends and crafts and shots and I still have like notebooks where I fall asleep. You can see like my handwriting Trail off midline.
So I guess I replay those and I'm out in like five minutes now, what did I do to lose your interest and dedication as a listener?
You didn't do anything. I did a thing and by kindly you remind me a lot of my time in, New York. And I no longer live there and it was so like you were kind of a painful you you stirred up not there any action of your own but I like your show and listening to your show stirred up a lot of painful memories. So I needed to like not go back to that for a while because very often when people leave New York.
It's because New York has broken them is this what happened? It's in the process of breaking me currently after 15 years and a lot of success here. This city is grinding me down and I want out.
You do I feel like I mean, you're a quintessential New Jersey and but I and don't get me wrong. I completely agree with you. I think New York is a treadmill with like spikes on its threads instead of whatever treadmill Treads are made out of this but it III just seemed like where would you go?
Well, that's the thing. If you were in New York and you are a fan of mine three, four five years ago. I was like, Nu and ubiquitous part. Of at that phase not just New York comedy, but I was always on New York music shows and DIY. So I'm regarded as like a New York guy, especially then so I get your like wait. What else would you do?
Here's the thing? I don't know where else I would go what else I would do but it's sure it's gonna and I just saw I don't I think I talked about this on another episode that basically I was just on a car with a Subway masturbator at 2:00 in the afternoon and I have a son God.
I have a son now.
I can't believe I can't be raising this kid in a city. Where people just openly masturbate on public transportation. I just can't I just can't I don't know why the middle of the afternoon makes that so much worse but it is and I completely feel you.
Like I'm I don't have a newborn but what big thing walking on the city and seem like little kids was I can't imagine trying to bring up a person and expecting them to turn out not just full of either Rage or fear, which is I guess fear. All right. Yeah.
Yeah and it's like I want to raise him someplace where people actually make eye contact and say hello to each other and if he wants to chase a dream someday, like I did and he wants to come to the city to do it. Like I did more power to you, but I'm not chasing those dreams anymore. I'm looking out for this little guy. So it's time to piece out.
Was that like an overnight change for you the giving you to me, like you're you've kind of achieved a dream or at least a version? And in the dream, I don't know what it was when you set out but where do you feel like? Okay, I have this now. Oh and now I have this you know this young person that I can I they're my new priority or you were you like. I'm still pursuing something. I'm still chasing something and then your son's born and Bam okay time to completely shift priority.
Well when you say that you view me as someone who had achieved a dream. What are you referring to? Because it's someone who was following me three and a half years ago. I wonder what that means to you from that perspective well to me from that perspective.
It was like you were ubiquitous part of the comedy scene for me you were you had a show like you're a show with your name on it that you called most if not all the shots for at least in the public access days. I don't know if that was true for fuse fuse you and network somehow smaller than fuse that pick your name too similar.
Twice that letter is half the viewers.
He you said it I didn't but I love it.
You have 2 books at the you got at least three books and ebooks.
Yeah free books.
You have a number of books published. You have an incredible if I may say so one person show comedy special.
Thank you on that.
What got on HBO you have I'm sure. Fans of your show know your credits, but for me like the perspective is like in comedy you got on HBO and television you got the show where you were the showrunner for it and improv you were like you could come to show up at UCB whenever you want as a coon you like.
Yeah. Yeah, you are a king and so seeing all of that and we can you were a published author so all of these and you've got your legacy Punk Rock Girl, so like I think men you did all you kind of got it all dude.
Well, let me tell you something and thank you for Saying all that it's nice to hear my credits listed back to me. So thank you for that. But here's the thing.
So the TV show got canceled and obviously it's going to shake you up.
It's a thing. I fought hard for it was a thing that meant the world to me. I met my wife through it other people got married through it. There's three babies that are alive right now who are through couples that met on the show. There's another couple to get married. It was a hugely important thing in my life for a solid percentage of my lifetime wise and it Look me up so hard and then I sat on for about a year going and what am I going to do? I gotta I got there this net and then I realized nothing's ever gonna eat can achieve anything that makes you feel like now I can finally sell off into the sunset like that feelings never going to go away.
So maybe I just need to decide to stop chasing things and actually take a breath come up for air and feel like yeah, I don't think I have much left to prove and I don't think I ever want to work that hard again. So maybe it's time to just go chill out and figure out something new.
We are a parent knows I don't know if you can chill out that hard.
Yeah. Well, that's the thing that all started with you asking did that happen overnight and the answer is no I was already really stressed and with career stuff, but I'll tell you my dad listens to the show. Sometimes he knows that I love him and respect him to death, but I think he'd be the first to admit that he he was a worker and it's it's commendable and my life was stable because of him, but he'd be the first to admit that work dominated.
And and that's fine. But I just make I just maybe want to make sure that I also keep in touch with the reasons you work hard when you have a kid, which is to establish a life. Anyway, listen, we've talked for ten minutes and you haven't said a word about yourself. What's going on? What do we need to know? Are we going to talk about the same stuff from three and a half years ago. Are we talking about new current taste stuff? Where are we at?
Thank you for letting me vent. That was very thoughtful of you.
Thank you.
I don't want to I don't necessarily like to grab the reins in conversation. So thank you for indulging me there. I'm also trying really hard not to let expectation get the better of me because you know, like I would I would when I was listening to the show regularly and like, you know, you episode comes out. That's that's the most that's my Subway. Listen. Yeah, I would have these hypothetical conversations with you and then when we spoke, you know three years ago like are you in Just in the first few sentences. I was like, oh shit. No, I like I built this way up way too far up in my head. So so what's going on with me right now is that I'm like trying to just be in the moment and listen and respond and like do good improv about this prior just be a good person about this.
So with me right now, I know you missing your dad's are worker and I feel like that that is an accurate. Description of my dad as well. But he's also a dreamer and I think passed that on to me. So I'm I'm still chasing that dream and working hard as a result of doing it, but I I don't know kids are kind of on the I don't know if they're coming down the pipeline for me necessarily but I reorganized my life in such a way when I was dating this girl to thank like I will never have kids and we're no longer together. And so now I'm kind of re-evaluating that so the fact that you were talking about having your kid and talking about, you know, dads and kids is maybe a good place to start maybe not work.
Yeah.
I love it.
You see that my thoughts are very well organized here. I've got like a Sure, that's a flop.
You're doing great and it's kind of amazing for me because it's like, you know, the show has changed over the years and you don't know that I don't know that know. So it's like I get to have an old-school call where I don't know where it's going and you don't know where it's going because now, you know people tend to I think plan a little bit of what they want to start with and this is like an old-school though.
No, but this one feels like three and a half years ago and it would call and be like what the hell is this gonna be and I love it.
Bit tight cool good. Yeah.
Yeah. So my dad my dad works hard and loves me very much. I think I love him more out of like you're supposed to love your dad and I guess I'm grateful that he loves me back. So there's a little bit of mirroring there, but don't really want to end up like him at all. And so I think about that a lot but the thing Yeah, I've been there.
I've been there and my dad's the best my dad's the best even if he wasn't listening to episodes occasionally. He's the best he is and I want to hear more about your situation and also we should make sure that at some point we'd parent becoming a dad. Completely rearranged my feelings towards my dad.
Hmm, so I don't have specific you want to get About your smiie just keep promising.
I'm fairly an open book. So depends how deep you want to go. Let's Dive Right In my friend.
We didn't we didn't reconnect three and a half late years later to skim the surface. Hey, you're right.
Now let's get to it.
Yeah, man, I don't like recent things have come to lie about my dad. And if this doesn't if my sister hasn't figured out who I am by now she'd We well but I found no be asleep by now to be fair. That would be great. I mean, I've she doesn't listen to me to begin with so there's no real issue and be like, oh I can just tune out immediately.
This may be the episode most of all that he's has to fall asleep.
But I hope this doesn't affect her dreams.
I found out recently and I've always had a contentious relationship with my dad. He's he's undiagnosed bipolar. Fleur and so he has like really big move swings and my whole life he has but you know when I was a kid, I didn't have the words for it. So it was just kind of like you talked about this a little bit like we're dealing with depression about like, who am I going to be today? It was kind of like, who am I going to be living with today?
Is it going to be like the person who's like super celebratory and everything's an adventure and just wants to wheel me around above his head and go play or is it going to be the guy who's like He stressed about money and going to make me cry because I ordered the wrong sandwich a jack-in-the-box.
So I we've always had trouble there. But as I've gotten distance from him like going away to college moving to New York. I see him maybe once every two or three years and so it's an easier to kind of control our relationship. Like I know how much of me he sees and I don't have to receive so much from him.
Like if I don't want to yeah, well, you're a grown up now and you get so tall.
What's that? I said, well, I'm tall. I don't know if I'm grown up.
How tall how tall are we talking?
I'm 6-2 6-2 that's quite tall.
That's how tall my dad is, which is great. I look like my mom said if you saw me next to my dad, you'd be like, there's no way that Jose same six foot tall man is the parent of that five foot seven. Big head boy But it is nice to be an adult on your own you get to set the parameters a little bit more and I would imagine that helps a lot.
It certainly does for the the big struggle in the late is that I found out that when I was a baby like before I had memories of anything he was physically abusive to my mom.
And I like he didn't tell me that obviously I'm fact. I'm not sure he remembers or if he does like, you know, like like consciously, I think he's blocked that out to maintain the kind of image of himself that he has so I don't want to confront him on it because I don't feel like anything fruitful will come of it. But every time we talk now I feel like this there's this underpinning layer of like Why am I talking to you used to like talk my mom?
Yeah, of course. That's very let me say extraordinarily different than my dad's story since we were comparing. That's sure. Yeah. That's a how old were you when you when you found out about that this I was 27. I mean when you've already had a life of some confusion and maybe resentment not to put words in your mouth.
Sounds like maybe that similar feelings of that and then at 27 you find out something that's like crosses a red line on top of almost 30 years of those feelings already that must have been a bad day and you want to talk about like confusion.
It was it was a very bad day. But like in that same year, I think not even six months later.
I came out to a I was outed to my dad. Listen. Thanks sis. So my sister revisit my dad that I'm genderqueer. I'm a non-binary person. So even talking about like becoming a dad is a whole nugget but we he and I reconciled over that and like finally like had an honest conversation about about my identity and who I And my whole life not able to talk with about him so like to have that catharsis I couldn't then just be like oh and while we're here, what the fuck?
I have two questions.
Mmm one would it be more comfortable if I said becoming a parent instead of a dad in reference to you and I because of your gender queer Out imagine that Dad is a very loaded word with some attachments. So let's just remind me.
And if I short um, yeah, just trying to be respectful over here.
Well, thank you know you You're great and I know your hearts in the right place like come out with Dad out of the gate. Like I know I know how I sound and like I'm six-two I get gendered his heel a lot and it's not it's something that I'm actively addressing and reconciling and like sealing trans enough forces. Am I just trying to get away from being sis forces Leaning into it. It's like I said, it's a lot.
It's what I write shows about but my as far as becoming a parent, I think that is good just because Dad is such a loaded word.
Yeah, cool. I'll switch it up. And if I forget I will feel guilty you I will absolve you of that guilt as best. I can my my great friend Mal Blum a musician. I once before a show I was hosting a show that was like a record company showcase and Mal and Audrey who plays in their band about to go on I went up I said, I want you to know this was also like four or five years ago. I'm like, I want you to know I'm going to introduce you and try to get hyped up if I get caught up in the adrenaline. I'm still figuring out the pronouns here and I apologize ahead of time if I mess up and they both looked at me were like you always try and that goes a long way like you at least it really does.
Yeah.
He's pretty apologizing for getting out there and being like Oh welcome.
anyway, when your sister slips up and has that conversation, I imagine you must be like This is the this is the last person I want to talk to you about this based on what you said, but then you said it was very cathartic.
Let's pause there.
We hear more about that conversation and we're going to go in about 10 other directions as well right after these ads check them out. We'll be right back.
With joy bird your personal one-of-a-kind style should match your furniture bring your mood boards to life with hundreds of customizable pieces and over 50 Fabric and leather options Three Shades of wood and over 250 unique Silhouettes from Joy bird fabric Swatch kits allow you to see and touch all of their Fabrics to find the perfect choice tell you what I am moving to a house instead of an apartment going out got A joy bird couch and I'll tell you why it's not because they're an advertiser's because they're a good company. My wife loves their stuff said we got to have this as the centerpiece of our living room Joy bird. It's no joke each piece is made with Ultimate Care and precision using real wood and responsibly sourced materials without all those harmful chemicals create furniture that matches your own Fearless style at Joy bird. Com, / beautiful 25, see how Joy bird can help make your dream space or real? 80 today at Joy bird. Com beautiful 25 go to Joy bird. Com beautiful 25 receive an exclusive offer for 25% off your first order by using the code beautiful 25.
Thanks advertisers are allowing the show to exist for allowing me to talk to people all over the world speaking of which we're in the middle of a conversation. We're going to get back to it right now station. I imagine you must be like This is the this is the last person I want to talk to you about this based on what you said, but then you said it was very cathartic.
It was because I think for the first time in my life and I our life together, he and I had a conversation on the phone that didn't involve him like hanging up and calling back and yelling at me and like hanging up as a weapon and then calling back all apologetic only to turn again. It was the first time that we had a conversation.
Not only where I was fully honest with like hey, this is who I am but where I was able to where he where he listened so Like that and it was a turn and made me think like oh shit. There's been real growth in the 10 years since we've been like living under the same roof.
So I'm thankful for that and he still doesn't fully get it like he still talking about gender. He still calls me like sun and man and young man and all that a lot and isn't trying but in that one conversation there was a glimmer like that glimmer of maybe there's something there. That you know, he doesn't need all the things you say. It's like you're my kid. Well, you're my son and you know, I love you no matter what so, So yeah, he's a he's a complex guy.
Yes, ma'am.
The answer to this could very easily just be like no, I don't think that's the case. Do you ever wonder? Because your dad was under untreated with some some mental illness stuff, which is brutal. Do you ever wonder if some of the contentiousness like do you ever wonder he sensed that maybe there was something non-traditional about you from the start and he didn't know how to handle it I think so.
I don't actually do but I don't think it was.
I think my dad was very afraid. Made that I might be gay and in all of my projections. I think he was afraid about that but himself, he's from a very tough neighborhood in Oakland and he's you know, he is a had a very physically abusive father my grandfather really beat him. So I know that like his version of masculinity is very traditionally rooted in aggression and bottling down and like covering up.
So I think when my parents split when I was a kid Because you know, my mama started getting the shit kicked out of her he saw things emerging in me and blamed himself for not being there to maybe not beat them out of me, but like to train them out of me. So I think he saw my more like sensitive qualities my more like emotional connectivity and Associated that with my mom and with femininity and thought it was a failure for him as a parent.
So interesting to me what you're saying right now because I've been thinking a lot about it this idea of toughness.
Mmm.
And I think toughness is tied in so intrinsically to Growing Up American especially growing up in American male and when you look at all the archetypes of Our Heroes, they're like Cowboys astronauts army men when you're a little boy. It's like everything's about you. Gotta be tough. You gotta be rugged.
And first of all, I think it's so outdated and probably the most unnecessary quality that we push upon each successive generation. I've been thinking so hard about this especially as a new parent, but you know, what's I open my experience too? Because my dad really really good guy my thing with him a much gentler your dad with untreated abusive all these things that I can't say, but I was always like he's Working so hard and there's times where he's not around and I think he's kind of expressed some level that I go shows around when you're growing up and a lot of times he'd get back from work and it would be late at night and he'd be like all tired and stressed and I kind of walk on eggshells because I didn't want to set him up and there were so many good times too.
But I remember those those days shaking me up but in Echo and Echoes of what you were just saying now, I'm a parent and I realized like Ike almost everything that I Was confused by or came to resent a little bit in him?
It ran his behavior towards towards those situations rather not in him. All of it was ultimately rooted in protectiveness of me misguided or not. He worked hard to provide for me. I didn't realize how poor my parents were. My mom once told me she goes we never told you how poor we were until we weren't poor anymore.
And I was oh he's working on he worked his ass off. So we could survive and he didn't tell me that because he didn't want me to be scared.
So I was confused.
Why is he doing this while he's doing this for me?
Why does he prioritize the sense of toughness?
I look back and I realize my neighborhood was kind of tough and it was unnecessary, but we needed to know how to be tough. And sometimes I would be like, why is this thing that he's always saying to me and my brother that we gotta be tough? I don't want to be tough. But I realize you probably have to be and in the same way your dad sounds like Sounds like with your data is very much Off the Mark based on who you are, but he grew up in a world where if you're not tough and You're vulnerable at all you get eaten alive.
Ultimately you don't want them to do but it's what's a shame is that he clung to that and didn't let who you were becoming reshape that.
Hmm and you have to wonder if the ends justify the means. Yeah, like in this perpetuation of toughness. He is trying he's trying to protect me and provide from me, but he's also trying to protect himself because I think he sees me as an extension of him, you know, I miss firstborn and he thinks of me as his son, but you know, I'm his firstborn kid, so he definitely I am I am extension of him in Part of him and he you're talking about coming home late from work. My dad would be out on the road for six weeks at a time. So he didn't see a lot of my early like formative years. So I think he kind of I think he had that same maybe sense of it. Sounds like your dad maybe he felt guilty about having to work so hard but he was doing it for you.
My dad did the same thing but I while I think for him it is because he loves me.
I still don't know for myself how much that is about him. Loving himself, right Ryan you go because I know that there are a number of memories.
I have are my dad I think. Had the self-awareness to realize.
That he was pushing so hard and and there were a handful of times. I remember where he went out of his way when he was already dead tired to to to do some stuff that wasn't reflected that and those memories are near and dear to me. Sounds like maybe Maybe your situation he didn't you didn't take that same turn at any point.
I don't know if you did and I don't it's too much work to hold it against him.
And especially now he's getting older and he's kind of like, I mean, he's always kind of screwing around and regrets. He's he lost a lot and he looks at how much he lost. I want to give him this chance to redeem himself. I don't want him to be this. I don't want him to always be this figure to me of you know above the whenever you'd like the bully kind too kind of bad, but I also think I don't the reason I don't want to confront him now about the same with my mom is I mean, there's no excuse for it. But so much time has passed now that between us I don't think there would be any benefit to dredge it up again except to cause more pain and maybe I'm wrong, you know, maybe I have something inside of me that needs to confront him, but it's also not really it's not really my confrontation.
You know, it's so you've never talked about it.
No, I never actually told me and I swear to God, please do not say anything. You're still awake.
But we did you just say your sister's name.
Oh, yeah.
Well bleep it. Well bleep it. Okay, I swear to God says.
She my mom told my ex and my ex was like I had no idea about this. I said no idea about what and she blanched white. She did not mean to she thought everything moves out. But yeah, my mom my mom doesn't know that I know yeah.
Wow, you know, you said something that kind of slipped by but I thought was so profound. Are you said it's too much work to hold it against them.
And I feel like that's quietly such a profound thing that I bet people can get something out of because the thing I really am impressed by when that hit me in the gut was like, I'm one sense. Maybe maybe want that confrontation. It may be understood but then the other sense that's you having to put your effort and work in time into something that's dragging you back down.
And is that work worth it or is that work? Just going to perpetuate the feelings? This doesn't mean being denial or not step up to the plate with responsibilities, but the idea of like that's going to make it work for me and that's not fair. This is an interesting perspective on.
Thank you. I I feel that way a lot about anger and about like, you know resentment or any of that. I just I feel like it's is of no use anger can be a good motivator anger can motivate you to like protect something that is yours or all of the it can be a good fuel but it's not something like you can't it's the fuel that's also fired and you Hold on to Pfeiffer.
Yeah, it's it like this.
I like you said I said, it's too much work.
Yeah, and it's I think it's really really great to get to a point in life where you can give yourself that. You can say I don't need to win this battle because then I'm getting sucked into a battle that someone else has created that's been so problematic that's eating up so much time and energy and emotion already.
I don't want to put the work into your little battles. You know. Hmm. There's something very I think you want to talk about tough.
You want to talk about tough? I'll say this.
Who's and you you you let me know that you were I believe you said genderqueer. Yeah I said and I'm not trying to confuse these terms I'm saying this, you know everyone, you know, there's people identified different ways and I'm not I'm not equating one for the other as a separate thought but an extension of it who's tougher than a trans woman in America right now. Yeah, especially trans women of color.
Look at the rates of what communities get murdered the most and commit suicide the most commit suicide the To get assaulted who is tougher. There's nobody you can this hold idea of like you're going to be a tough guy. You're going to be a tough guy because you know, you're like an old-school tough guy.
Okay, it's pretty easy to be a guy right now. You know what there's people who see you on the street and they want to fucking murder you but you still have the guts to walk out there and be yourself. That's tough that that's the toughest. People I can think of people where people will literally see you and have these feeling of such insecurity and such hate that they want to hurt and you're still willing to walk out the door and say I'm not going to live in fear, and I'm not going to live in shame.
That's way tougher than being able to throw a punch if you ask me.
I agree with you and I'm not taking any credit in that there are people who are infinitely tougher than me. I'm still like even just in my presentation. I now after I left New York, I moved back to my hometown and it's a very small kind of roll area. So my gender my general gender expression is kind of passing the first says and a lot of that was out of protection for myself at first and then kind of became just out of laziness.
It's easier.
Sure sure to not do any of the thing like most American women do daily basis. My wife wants made me laugh so hard we were trying to go somewhere and I was all impatient. We're going to be late. We're going to be late and she just turned around to me and she goes hey being a girl takes a long time. I think I think that I may have mentioned that on the show before but it opened my eyes which I was like. Oh, yeah, I never have to put on My makeup I never have to decide I don't I just throw on my fucking ratty old sneakers. I don't have to sit there and decide what shoes all these unfair things like.
Oh, right.
Yeah how much time it takes you to shave a little time. I should say.
Yeah 90 seconds. Have you I've seen my baby my tragic inability to grow facial hair at the age of 39. That's so funny. It's just laziness. I don't present as much as I would because I'm honestly this it's a lot of work.
He's not the real.
The going out the going through all the Motions in addition to the emotional work and in there is yes.
Yes.
Yes, but like physically it's just so much easier to roll out of bed and throw on whatever like a T-shirt and jeans and like yeah women wear t-shirts and jeans, but if anybody sees me in a T-shirt and jeans they go. Oh he because why wouldn't they like it's just the my bone structure and all of those right? So in order to in order to be like infinity even like thought thought of as possibly gender differently it like it's it's it's strangely like putting on a mask to take off a mask.
Yeah.
I have to say to most people in your in your who have walked your Life Path when when it's time for them to come out they leave the rural area. They go to New York City sounds like on your timeline you are like, you know what I feel like it might be time to Proclaim myself on this on this old gender Spectrum in a way.
Anyway, I'm Gonna Leave the liberal Bastion of New York City. I'm gonna head back to the wrong time. That's a little bit of a move that that I'm fascinated to know why that was the Instinct because most people are like I am heading to Greenpoint right now, and I'm going to embrace you actually I got some friends evicted from that move.
I don't want to get too far into this if that's okay, sir.
The long story short is I've fucked up and then I lied about the fuck up and in lying about it. I like I got caught in that lie and I'm kind of kind of thinking this I did because it said, I mean I try not to live with regrets and while I lost a lot and like like more than grieved what I lost it was my fault and it sent me into where I am now and I honestly do think I'm doing I'm doing okay now, I don't know if I'm I regret hurting the people that I hurt.
But I don't I don't regret where I am. Now, you know, yeah, that is an intriguing.
An intriguing thing to say that I know I know there's a lot honesty and that I will ask no further questions about because out of respect what you said.
Every once in a while gotta let life's mysteries remain life's mysteries that's part of the joy of this show, but there'll be so much more reveal.
I travel a lot as is true fact about me. I'm always on the road doing comedy shows doing live tapings Beautiful Anonymous to spend a lot of time in airports. I obsess over frequent flyer miles. You guys know this about me now. I'm also someone who needs medical care my mental health and I've been in a situation many times where I am in the city.
It's far from home and I need access to that care. This is why I'm so excited to tell you about tella doc tell a doc gives you 24/7 access to your doctors doctors are board certified you can Touch with them anytime anywhere. This is for non emergency conditions, of course, you know, like a sinus infection allergies flu rashes all these things you run into their board certified doctors can diagnose treat and prescribe medication when medically necessary to be delivered to the pharmacy of your choice tell a doc is available through most insurance or employers at $45 or less of visit want to tell the docs testimonial States. I am an RN and I have little time for personal The issues let alone being sick while caring for the ill this service called me after setting up an account and requesting an MD visit in minutes.
This service is actually amazing and I only wish I would have utilized it sooner download the app today or visit Tesla doc. Com stories to register today. So you're ready when you need a doctor's care or schedule a doctor visit today. Don't forget to download the app or visit tala doc. Com stories.
Let's finish off this conversation.
That will ask no further questions about cuz out of respect what you said, I appreciate that.
But I do actually I would love to talk more about it. But in basically in in trying to apologize for hurting these people I I had what my friend calls a Reynolds pamphlet moment. I don't know if I do actually know that you're familiar with Hamilton because you dropped it in your show, but I had my rental one moment where I remember that.
Oh, yeah. I did. I did. I've never watched Lucha Weehawken.
Yes.
I haven't. I don't watch it's too hard for me to watch it. I haven't watched it in years, but I did I had I had melted joke in there. Okay?
Yes, you were saying the Reynolds pamphlet moment around sample moment where I sent out to I'm in a tricky situation because I want to give more context but in response to my random sampling moment. Somebody told me hey your re-traumatizing people by by talking about this instead of just like letting it be quiet. So I Don't want to do that. Now again years later, of course, of course, of course you learn you learn from the past ones.
And yeah, you're done and you're expressing that there's no pressure here. I'm gonna press you into telling me shit.
You don't want to say I know I appreciate that Chris. I really do is my own no knowledge that. Like maybe this could get back to somebody who can like piece Clues together and figure out who I am and I don't want to stir it as fucking pot and a little in a little bit of a way. I want my lessons that I take about my dad about like not holding on to anger to be kind of prescriptive but all of this to say, I'm sorry that I hurt these people that I did but I made a colossal fuckup and then in trying to like deal it happened the same weekend my my sister out of me and my dad So I was spiraling through so fucking much and it's not an excuse, but I handled it very very poorly and so being in New York was just too emotionally painful for me because I lost like I lost this group of friends. And so I you know, you spend enough years in that City. Every block has a memory on it. That's true.
So and now that I'm I'm back home like the I can see a little bit the larger picture the the grind of the cities and mid-afternoon masturbators the just all of you like expense the sheer expense of energy in addition and and time in addition to money, but living in that City. I don't regret my user at all. I regret hurting these people but I'm doing okay, and I really I really hope they are too and that they know how fucking sorry.
I am sure if they hear that they're going to hear how honest and genuine that felt so that goes up and down. It goes a long way.
I'm glad we reconnected. I am too. Three and a half years ago were you as in touch with yourself now would it have been a wildly different conversation?
I think it would have been I don't think I I mean I did a lot of soul-searching and you know, it's quiet Uptown and I had a lot of times it's a good show. It's a lot of time to walk around and like I dealt with my anger for The first time I used to think that I wasn't an angry person and then that's like the only reason I think of anger the way I do now is because I was so angry. I felt like a lot has been taken away from me. But then I of course I come back around and realized like know you you forfeited that and you do have all of this anger and a lot of it you inherited from pop.
But a lot of it is of your own generation and you can you can kind of diffuse that so it's not such a poison anymore and it's more just like a the tool Cool, but if we talk to three years ago, I would have been I think I would have been looking for permission from you to do something. Thing I can just I can remember being in my hypothetical conversation. I was in this relationship that ended and I was I was just kind of too cowardly to like be honest with this person and say like hey, I don't think we should be together. I don't think we bring out the best in one another and I was like looking for some sort of outside source to make that call for me. That's probably would have been Trying to get that from you.
Hmm, I would have still thought of myself as the hero of my story and said just the protagonist, right and there is a difference right?
I guess there's a reason there's two different words for that.
It's a lot of wisdom a lot of wisdom coming at you soul-searching a lot of admission of missteps along the way hmm. We have 15 minutes left.
For when and where?
Well, we did just have there the 11 number so that makes sense. Ants that was more just a story structure jump in the Hamilton one, but that wasn't even a joke.
Yeah.
And that's part of like my writer brain like okay, how do we wrap it all together? How do we talk about me becoming dad becoming tough? How do we not ask you how you're doing just in general and still kind of keep the call local.
That's what I do.
I'm curious imagine like I in addition to like looking at you and being like Tom an acai looks like he's got it all going on. He clearly doesn't cuz he constantly is talking about how he doesn't have it all going on constantly.
He talking about how he doesn't have it all when anyone from the outside would say you're doing great. You've done some good stuff. Why why can't you feel why can't you ever feel happy at the end of these things and I'm learning how finally after all these years you have a show.
Do you have a show where and it might do you well to re-watch second career suicide because you do have them. Line and I'm guilty of this too. But you have the line where you're like not to quote your own show at you, but you have the line that this that those breasts training jobs as Brass Ring things aren't going to make you happy.
You have to keep living with it.
I just toured this show that I wrote about where in I'm like I mean I'm talking about how like it's completely rip you off. It's a show about sex gender identity and other black and white topics, which is like just me Perry paraphrasing the logline career suicide.
Oh, that's fine. That's fine. Okay.
Thanks guys, when you were like I'm doing is I've totally ripped off your show. It's about sex and gender. I was like, that's your that's not. Oh, okay.
You just mean no poster just mean the words on the posting got it I do.
Yeah, right, right. And in the show I talked about how like I talked a lot about my exploration of trying to find out who I am and what I am and all of these things and it's like this is neither here nor there, but the whole show is is done in rhyme because I got way too into Hamilton and in it as I'm touring it like I'm trying to do a comedy venues and I'm finding like it's not totally funny but I'm it's not a theater piece because like I do want the jokes to be there and I wanted to feel like storytelling like stand up like something like you or like their bigs are do or like any of those and then I've got this whole show and in the end I'm talking about my like my gender identity and how like I'm not a man, but I'm definitely not a woman and I don't know and is it okay to be both and in my show I say yes and like A friend of mine who was on tour with me was like listen to your own fucking words like to show you say, it's okay to be both the show can be both and be neither like it. It just is up trying to fit into a box.
Yeah, I get it the ID you got to listen to your own words?
You're quoting back the brass ring stuff to me and I'm like, yeah, but it's funny now, it's not like I don't feel like I gotta get another cool gig to prove anything.
It's more like what am I gonna do because in life the credits don't roll just because you did something cool. You still got it. I still got to be alive for like, you know, like 40 more years. Like what am I gonna do for 40 more years?
So does is it what you want to do? Well, that's the tough thing.
It's like I've got the stuff I've done is stuff. I've really wanted to do but it might just going to do it forever. I don't know but if I don't a mic like quitting and giving up like is the idea of quitting after TV show that was my dream failed. Is that like is that like I'm not going out on my own terms.
It's like so there's so many confusing aspects to it.
But at the end of the day, you're right. I need to listen to my own words and and I will tell you that's the thing that changed overnight about Parenthood was was like I'm I'm no longer this person who felt like he had to put his fists up and just make it through the world on his own. I'm never on my own and like they're not there's just no way I am now connected to this other person in a way that's there's not words for it. There's just not words, so it can't ever be about me again. I don't want it to be everything now.
Is about setting the stage and the platform for someone else and he doesn't know that he don't understand that and I didn't understand that like my dad. Like I tell you like I got people would be surprised. I was a fighter when I was a kid. I got in fights and my parents still talk about like it happened too often. It was it was not like, you know, did you just break your phone again to just drop your phone and breaking?
No, I'm here. I'm here. It made a crazy B.
Noise, I was like that would be so funny.
That would be so funny. If you say you have call waiting or something beep me again.
I don't I didn't hear the beep on my end.
I don't know what that was on our and maybe we have call waiting maybe someones trying to get on the air while you're thinking wait.
They're deaf damn turns. They can wait three years and talk to me three years later.
We'll call you back buddy, but I used to be a fighter and I don't think my parents were thrilled about that. But I think there is a part of my dad. That was like good. You gotta know how but I I look back. I did need to know how I was an environment where I did need to know how so he made me tough and there was a part of me that was like, it's not I'm not tough.
So why do I have to beat up?
Well, I did and he gave it to me. And now I know part of my job is like well now he's positioned me in a place. Where that got me through some stuff and I think I'm on the other side of it and maybe now the Next Generation my kid. He's a little bit more in a world where that's not a factor where he's not going to have to be tough in the same way.
I was I want them to be tough in a certain sense but not necessary more time to view your if he want him to have you wanted to be tough in that he'll stick to his principles and that he'll like be proud of the work that he does not who he is or where he comes from. Yeah. You were talking about the mail and ask you Masculine identity in like a lot of that is like toughness and pride to be like, I'm proud to be an American.
Thank you happen to be an American. You should be proud that you use your giant American flag just drove past me. That's so funny.
Some guy in a pickup truck was just waving it and it in the back but like you should be proud of what you do with that luck. And with that privilege. Yes, but like there's nothing inherently proud in it, but the toughness there's this comes from sticking to your principles and sticking to your beliefs and like standing up for what you believe in and because that is that is way tougher than winning a fight.
Yeah, because that's a fight that like never ends like the credits don't roll on that it's interesting because it's like I've had to think about like like I just said I had to learn how to throw a punch after certain point and I'm like to do I want my son to know how to throw a punch after that and thought about it already and I'm like the answer the answer is yes, because I don't I don't want him to feel like he has to throw a punch like I did when I felt like if I want these people to fucking leave me alone. They need to understand that I can hit back, you know, like you're right people who are going to relentlessly torment me make there was one kid in my neighborhood where this kid used to follow. He was a year older me is to follow me to school just making fun of me used to wait for me after school so we can make fun of me and he'd do it in front of other kids and I'll never forget there was one day where he's doing it in as soon as we got off school property.
I just dropped my bag and he's like what are you going to do? And I was Tiny. I was in sixth grade and put him on his ass and I was like, that's what I'm going to do. And nobody none of the other people there that day went out of their way to mess with me, but I don't want my son to have to deal with that but he needs to know how to throw a punch so that if he sees other people that he can that he can help that if he can throw it on their bath.
Well, I always think about that of like If I didn't know how to throw up, I think I think how would I say? I have tried to take that sense of toughness in my life. And I have tried to extend it to some other people who maybe didn't have the luxuries I've had and I've done my best as much as I've learned how over the years to say like with my with my old TV show like like I'm a white guy I came up at UCB when I was blowing up, but I had parents who could I knew that if I ever bought them doubt money-wise, they lived 45 minutes away, and I'd have place to crash and I was going to starve or get evicted like I had a lot of amenities and then when my TV shows like all right, like Now I'm in a position to hire people for jobs. I want to hire the best people. I want to hear the funniest people. Also, there's people who don't have the luck I have I want to hire them to I want to make sure that I can and I'm not a I'm not saying I'm some hero for that. I could have done much better, but That sense of toughness allowed me to see like all right, I get to fight some fights that other people maybe need some help fight into and I want my son to know that like if I don't ever want my kid to start a fight. I don't ever want my kid to have to fight one on one it would break my heart.
But if my kids saw someone getting bullied for some bullshit. Like I just saw this video on Instagram of this kid and all these kids are gathered around on one kids punching them and you can tell this kid just fucking taking it because there's 10 other kids there and If they're scared that he's gonna be fun to fight back now all of a sudden a bunch of people beat them and I would love it if my kid walked into a bathroom or that was happening and he decked one of those assholes and he came home and was like, I just got suspended from school for a month.
I said why and he said because I saw a kid getting beat up and I stepped in and stopped it I'd say great. Let's hang out all month. Yeah. I'm proud of you. It's cool. You don't have to go to school for a month. Awesome.
Thanks anyway.
Shit, so that's where I'm at with the idea of toughness is that it's a good place to be it's my opinion.
It's a tool that can be utilized at your choice, but it doesn't have to be this defining aspect of who you are. Who cares.
That's a shouldn't be the thing that walks into the room first to be behind your back. I love that.
I love that. You gotta walk in the room and everybody needs to know. You're the strongest one in the prison yard.
No get out of here. Yeah, man. Get out of here. Ah, I love hearing that.
What did you ever do?
You have a good bill? Yeah, you are a writer.
You said you write shows you can you know how to drop it, you know how to drop something cool into one sentence that makes sense. Harry Wright early man quality.
That means a lot coming from you. Thank you very much.
Hey, I'm done. I just said I'm cooked.
So you got to be Somebody's gotta grab a torch.
All right here the next day you can do stuff stuff mention.
How do you stop?
I'm gonna do stuff. I just gotta figure out what you gotta hire people still left to be done.
One of the cool things is that some of the people I have hired have now gotten two positions where they can hire people and that makes me so happy that makes me so happy to feel like I helped that person pay their rent when they were struggling to do that and now they're exceeding what I ever did and maybe some of the In the values that I took from the people, I always admired and leaned on they had a stretch their life where maybe they were leaning on me and maybe some of those values I had maybe they'll stick it with it and survive.
That's cool.
That is very cool. Now they've only just springboards from there.
Yeah. That's what one would hope.
Three and a half years. Maybe we should touch base every three and a half years.
Maybe we should do a follow-up call with you, but we should say it can never it can never be less time than the original Gap has to be at me like that three and a half years every time we talk that sounds great man.
That's about as I think that's about enough time for me to accumulate another line of wisdom.
Yeah, I hope so how so and As always I take great joy in realizing. You and I walk different paths And those paths might not look like they have too much in common, but then you get down to the roots of it. And it's like we're all just messed up by our dads and we all just wish that school wasn't so fucking weird in America.
We all wish that there were like movies about sensitive guys. Like it's all the same stuff that messed us all up.
It's fucking it's fine.
We're way way less different than we appear to be. I'll see you and I appear to be fairly similar because it's way easier.
Yeah. Yeah, maybe we have more and maybe people would assume were the same and that's only because you don't feel like putting in the effort at the end of the day Haley or know at the beginning of the day at the end of the day surely who wants to put on fucking Foundation.
First thing in the morning, maybe there's a reason it's called Foundation you build everything on top of it and like you got to break ground.
It's awful.
I love it. So you're like I'll just throw on the old t-shirts fine.
We have 20 seconds left.
This is bullshit three and a half years in the making any final words for the listeners out there.
I'm definitely going to start listening to the show again.
I didn't I saw a bunch. Is a sorry Sally so sorry Sally and you know be praised be kind you. Do you and always remember that always give somebody a second chance, but never give them the third call it so nice to touch base 30% of the decade after we had last spoken.
Thanks for being open.
Thanks for letting me know. Where you at. Thanks for asking me so many thoughts. Questions. Thank you Jared O'Connell for all of your help with the show and for organizing that loopy one. Thank you shell shag for the music Chris get that cam. If you want to know more about what I'm up to Apple podcast rave reviews subscribe. We'll see you next time.
Next time on beautiful Anonymous I talk to as many of you as I possibly can in one hour.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yeah everybody fight for focus.
Hello. Hello.
Listeners (including a surprising number of aspiring novelists) called in for a series of brief one minute calls to tell Geth their goals, hopes and plans for 2020. This episode is brought to you by Joybird.
Hello to hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Am I on is this Chris? Hello. It's beautiful Anonymous.
It's one hour one phone call no names.
Gathered here wishing you a happy New Year this episode if you're listening to it. The day comes out. It is New Year's Eve. Happy New Year. What a crazy amazing year. It's been got word that beautiful and I was head over seven point six million listens this year. That's incredible. I think everybody who's been tuning in everybody listens to him. I know some people come and go cherry pick you up still like many of you are out there diehards Rumson every week. It means the world to me the idea that we had to 7. 6 million.
Since when I know so many of the people out there, we're just good of heart people looking for a way to connect to the world. Oh, it makes me feel happy, especially entering 2020 which at least here in the states. It's going to be a year that it's just overwhelmed with a lot of people being divided anxiety-ridden. It gives me great strength. Now you're all out there.
And now we like to do this every year. We fit as many one-minute calls as we can into an hour and you're going to want to listen to all all of them because it's a really it's a hard-hitting Pastiche of everything our callers and our listeners and everybody has to offer and you're not going to want to miss the ending. It's a real trip.
Happy New Year everybody.
Thank you for calling beautiful Anonymous a beeping noise will indicate when you are on the show with the host.
Just hello.
Hey guess I'm calling. My New Year's resolution is that I want to start a food truck that is focused on hiring LGBT actress at risk people and also gives a portion of the proceeds away to LGBT causes and everything because I'm gay and I'm a trans male and want to help out our community. That's what an amazing and well thought out idea.
Do you know what kind of food the food trucks going to serve breakfast?
I want to do breakfast food.
Breakfast and is the Chuck going to be out at night because people love breakfast at night. Yes.
I want to take it down to 10 like the gay strip. There's a little spot for it and everything. I think it would be perfect there to get everybody to come and help out the community there and be visible this you're going to make so much money.
It's a great idea also to help out segments of the world that are the most at-risk youth what an incredible thing.
Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
All right. Thank you. Thank you. We don't have time. Time for the thank you today Jared cutting everybody off mercilessly. All right, what a great way to start. Let's go to call number two here in our and charity keeping track of the overall our as well. Okay. Yeah Jared just give it a shrug. Okay. Hello. Welcome to the show.
Hey.
Hey, so thank you my resolution for this next year is to overcome my really serious introversion and get out there and do some door Boeing during the political season during the Campaigns this year and also in a lovely Solstice ritual we had last night my overall wish for the year was to become a more open hearted person and just wish for more open heartedness for all people.
That's beautiful. I'm with you open-heartedness goes a long way now. Is it nerve-racking to you to be an introvert and to overcome it by knocking on doors to talk about stuff that people sometimes find divisive.
Lutely, absolutely, but some of my friends did this over in kind of a conservative part of the state in the last Congressional Campaign.
I'm so sorry but your minutes up it sounds beautiful and wonderful you doing oh God, I always have the anxiety when we have to cut people off. Okay next call Jared. Let's patch it through. Hello. How are you?
Hi, I'm okay. My resolution is basically just to take better care of myself. Spend to like actually stop being mean to myself over the summer. I went to the hospital the psychiatric ward for a week and that was sort of a wake-up call. But even so I feel like I'm still kind of a kind of dropped the ball. I have ghosted my therapist and I want to try to reconnect with her for next year.
I think that's a really really smart thing to do. I'm sorry. I've been having some tough times. Times but I'm really glad to hear that you're recommitting to yourself because that's that is who else is gone until you do right?
That's true. Yeah also now because I went to the hospital now everyone in my life knows basically, so they're all trying to hold me accountable which is really helpful because before basically not new so that's been really helpful, but hopefully we'll be able to I'll be able to I don't know figure this out try to like Believe in myself.
All right.
How does well, I believe in you even just knowing you for a minute. I'm glad the people in your life are looking out for you. Happy New Year. All right, who is next keep patching him through?
Hey, Chris.
Happy New Year, man. I just wanted to quick quick things personally and professionally cleaner walking a little bit more continue to focus on Mental Health. I also literally have the best therapist every single time you mention Barb I think of mine work. I want to keep the house keep the house blue flip the Senate and the oval and not take work home with me, but that's hard when politics is literally work and daily life, but it's for the future democracy.
And yeah, that was an amazing 30 seconds. He came out of the gate with how do we fill the rest of this time?
I don't know man. I just want to say thank you. I Met You in La I said after the after the beautiful Autumn escaping and I told you that we both have the same haircut and because they both have the same hair line and yeah, well God bless you on that one you work.
In politics, I think you mentioned good luck this year. I know it's about to be a tough fight this year. So I hope you hang in there and take care of yourself throughout it.
Thanks, bud and happy New Year. And I wish the best to you and your family you as well.
Alright next call. Let's patch it through.
Well, okay. So my resolution this year is to get up before 9:00 a. M.
Every day. Nice. Oh, yeah.
I never I'm in college right now. I never get up early. I always get up at like past 12 or something. And I started getting up early just this week and it's already made a difference and I feel great. So yeah focusing on that mental health and getting up early and starting my day already people have mentioned politics to and I'm a politics major. So that's definitely going to be part of my resolution getting the Democrats elected and all that.
So yeah. All right. It's really fascinating to wake up early and realize oh you get so much more done when you give yourself a few more hours.
Yeah, it is crazy. How much more I can get done and how much better I feel about myself when I'm productive.
I'm glad you're feeling better about yourself. I I wish you well, Happy New Year.
Thank God. Talk to you Chris.
All right, we're going to keep these bad boys cranking and bad girls cranking. Okay, I'm not exclusionary here and bad people who identify not as bad boys or bad girls. Hello. Welcome to the show. Hello. Yeah, what's up?
Oh, hey, it's my turn.
Ha ha ha ha. I I don't know what my New Year's resolution is really because I thought about until I saw your Tweet and so my most immediate one is to put a barbecue together that my girlfriend's dad bought for her.
We are literally walking out the door to go do that and then I saw this meeting so we sitting here we've been sitting here together for the last few minutes waiting to get through so I love it.
But you want people say I'm going to take care of my mental health.
I'm gonna get out there and try to change the world through political action. Not everybody some people just want to get that grill out the box.
You're goddamn right get the charcoal is burning. Yeah for Canada.
We exactly in Canada here in America.
Everybody's like we gotta fight for the politics and Canada are like might cook a burger.
Maybe cook something else. All right. Hello, welcome to the show.
Is it my turn it is your turn? Hello? Yes. Hello. Not just talking there the recording pranks. So my resolution this year. I got two one. I'm marrying my best friend for 30 years in two months. So that's going to count. But then after that's over I'm gonna have so much free time and I'm going to be the best possible teacher I could be and we're neighbors by the way, not really, but we both live in Queens.
What neighborhood in Queens are you in I'm in well, I lied everybody and thank you Garden, but really Briarwood Briarwood one of my best friend's lives in I would nobody even really knows better.
What exists right?
Nobody knows exists. Yeah, we're like a little blip on the map.
It's not real but it is yeah one of the cast members of my TV show lives out there.
Whoa D. I'm not the only one congrats give are like, where do you live in Queens? And I'm like, you know, I'm sorry now, okay.
Yeah congrats on the nuptials and thank you for being a teacher. It's an amazing thing.
All right, let's chill. It's chill. Most people don't say teaching is Chill. Okay. Hello. Welcome to the show.
Hey, what's up? Hello? Yeah. Hey my resolution this year is to teach myself to be more empathetic and to try to see other people's side before. I just assume that they're a dumbass.
I love that. I've had to learn that over the years as well.
Yeah, it's hard because it's I just assumed Yeah, the world makes you cynical the world makes you cynical and you had to take a deep breath and push past that and then life gets a lot better.
Yeah, I'm trying to teach myself to remember that everyone's got their own shit. And like I've got my own shit. I don't want people to look at me and go. Oh, she's just a dumbass, you know? Yeah. How old are you? Can I ask?
I'm 20. Yes.
He I wish I didn't figure this out until I was like 28 to just give people the benefit of the doubt a little bit more. Mmm. I'm glad you're learning that now. Happy New Year. Thank you so much.
You too.
And hey, if you're out there if you're on the YouTube stream and you're hearing a busy signal just keep calling you'll get through eventually. We got 15 people sitting on the line of the time. So as soon as one person is done another person can jump in.
Thank you all for being in.
YouTube stream right now. I got 56 salad 56 people watching right now and someone expressing concern for Jared Jared. Are you going to be okay, it's all the people who have been hitting the buttons with their face. Okay. Jared's giving it a thumbs-up. We're all in it together. Thomas also says he's watching on the live stream and the studio is nicer than he thought he thought it would be very ragtag.
Okay, welcome to the show.
Hi Chris. Yes. Hi Chris. Hey, I just want mine resolution this year is to I have been suffering with an eating disorder for many years and I just want to get the openness of mental disease out there because I try every day and just to be more empathetic because it says disease and you a great job letting everyone know, but just to make sure it's a process. Now it's not a one and done. So that's why I try all the time and just keep trying and don't give up on myself. Yes.
I hope that you know that there's a lot of support out there for you people from afar who here that even just that and are immediately rooting for you and our with you myself included.
Thank you so much Chris, Tom and happy New Year and say give a girl hug to your little boy. He's curious to be you the cute one. Thank you for calling good luck with everything.
I believe in you and your strength. Hello. Welcome to the show.
Hey, Chris, what's up going to try to fit all this in a minute as I can. I didn't even think about my New Year's resolution as soon as until I saw your Tweet. So my New Year's resolution is to try to find a better work-life balance because be The Human Service field is freaking stressful and to convert as many people from pork roll to Taylor Ham as possible.
Yes. Thank you. You're clearly a jersey person North Jersey has it right? It's called Taylor Ham. It's not called poor girl. Yes, if you put something called pork roll into your body you are I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. That's disgusting Taylor Ham all the way now, even though it's the same substance.
You're saying that with a different name. It is. In fact, okay. Yeah.
Yeah, but just think the pork roll. It just sounds so much more disgusting Taylor ham is so much more friendly and inviting. So that's that is my New Year's resolution.
Well done North Jersey forever. Welcome to the show. Who's next.
Hey, can you hear me?
Yeah, I can.
How are you great. My New Year's resolution is to revamp my motivational speaking cool. Yeah. Yeah a few years back. I was diagnosed. Us have cancer and that led me to through hiking the Appalachian Trail by myself. Wow and got really into motivational. Yeah, it was such an amazing thing, but it led me to get really into motivational speaking then after dealing with some depression this past year. I kind of let it fall by the wayside, but I want to put it more in the Forefront.
I hope you call back again someday because talking to someone who had the Appalachian Trail by themselves. That's like a spiritual experience.
I would imagine absolutely it was the best and worst and Anything I've ever done.
Yeah, I feel like you gotta watch out for creeps along them Trails, but that's the cynical part of me. I also imagine it's quite beautiful and rewarding the best people I've ever met out there.
Look at that only one creepy person.
Okay, so I wasn't totally wrong one creep one guy. I'm not that close might but mostly the best people that's not surprising either. Hello. Welcome to the show. Hello.
Hi. Hi. Hi. So my New Year's resolution this year is that I want to Convince my parents to write a will we had kind of a rough 2019. We lost the last of my grandparents generation and he didn't have a will and that was a whole thing to like clear out his stuff. My dad had a surgery that has kind of a botched Situation off the complications. So what I would consider a near-death experience, and then I also have three little brothers that are adopted at that are a lot younger than me.
So I'm My youngest brother is 10. Wow. So I really want them to like do better than their parents and right. Well, that's a really beautiful thing.
I know my parents wrote a will and and told me where all their documents and stuff are for after they pass and I thought that would be scary. But I actually found it very thoughtful of them and I hope they live a long time but the fact that they got all their ducks in a row. Let me know when a long way. I think that's a good goal.
Happy New Year. Hello. Welcome to the show.
Chris Hi, how are you?
Hey, I'm only going to get on the show.
So my New Year's resolution is to love myself more and my mom this year, so Yeah, my best friends.
So I'm actually planning on having a marriage ceremony to myself, you know, it sounds weird. But just to kind of I don't know like make a commitment to myself to love myself more and take care of myself because you know, I'm the only one I got.
Well, I'm sorry you've had such a rough year and the idea of having a marriage ceremony to yourself. I'm quite fascinated by yeah.
Yeah, there's like a whole thing. I actually bought myself an engagement ring.
It's gorgeous. Yeah, so cold my best friend's I think she loves you too.
Oh, well, I love you both congrats on the upcoming wedding. I'm sorry for your losses. I hope next year treats you a little easier. All right, welcome to the show how Are you Happy New Year? Hi.
Hi. Happy New Year. Is this High?
My New Year's resolution is to play in at least three different states with this my van.
That's awesome.
I hope so. I hope we're able to do it. We've just kind of been started playing around and it's a good time. What instrument do you play? I am. I am Lee.
I'm the singer person in the I'm jealous.
I always thought I'd be a good front person for a band and it's never happened. And now I'm turning 40. It feels like that time has passed.
You know, I just smear a lot of lipstick and all over myself and people seem to enjoy it.
That sounds cool. So it's got a little bit of like is it like a Glam Vibe or more? Just getting in people's faces.
It's getting in people's faces its Punk for sure. Love it.
Good luck with it. I hope you play in my state. Maybe I'll come see the show if you let me know about it, but I have a small Sun. So honestly, probably not.
And we're just gonna go ahead and pause there cuz we gotta pause somewhere. So we'll pause here because we got some ads will be right back.
With joy bird your personal one-of-a-kind style should match your furniture bring your mood boards to life with hundreds of customizable pieces and over 50 Fabric and leather options Three Shades of wood and over 250 unique Silhouettes from Joy bird fabric Swatch kits allow you to see and touch all of their Fabrics to find the perfect choice tell you what I am moving to a house instead of an apartment going out got Was a joy bird couch and I'll tell you why it's not because they're an advertiser's because they're a good company. My wife loves their stuff said we got to have this as the centerpiece of our living room Joy bird. It's no joke each piece is made with Ultimate Care and precision using real wood and responsibly sourced materials without all those harmful chemicals create furniture that matches your own Fearless style at Joy bird. Com, / beautiful 25, see how Joy bird can help make your dream space or Ality today at Joy bird. Com beautiful 25 go to Joy bird. Com beautiful 25 receive an exclusive offer for 25% off your first order by using the code, beautiful 25.
Thanks, all our advertisers. Now. Let's have like 94 more calls.
Hello.
Welcome to the show. Hey Chris, how's it going?
Pretty good get a little tired, but I'll hang in there. Yeah. Yeah.
I have to be more open and honest with people and I definitely want to appreciate my wife - she's an awesome mom.
I've got another little baby on the way.
That's going to ask him a lot of our lives.
So I want to make sure that the world knew how much I appreciate and love her for doing it.
That's incredible and congrats on a little one.
Is it your first it's my third.
So we've got one.
He'll be 15 months from the next one is born.
Wow, just a little bit older than you.
I cannot imagine 15 months and you're already back in the game. Hey, yeah.
Yeah, it'll be fun.
Good luck. I hope everything goes happy and healthy for you and your family. Happy new year. Yeah tell you I thought we were about Two-thirds of the way done. Jared has informed me. We are only 16 minutes into this hour. Okay? Hello. Welcome to the show. How are you?
Hey, is this Chris Hmm?
This is Chris.
Oh my goodness. Okay, two best girlfriends sitting here talking to you. So two quick resolutions. I want to be a more kind person more kind and loving to others to myself. There's definitely some people in my life. I need to forgive and I also have high hopes of buying my first home this year and hopefully making a baby with me.
And you're my best friend. Hi. My resolution is to save money and move out of my parents house and maybe go on a couple dates. So that would be good. But get that love you and your show and we're all about what you do and just spreading joy in this world and sharing people story. Well, that's so nice.
I love that.
One of you is buying a home and having a baby in the other one is like I just want to get out of a home to go on a date. It seems like it's really analogous. Well, Happy New Year to you both. I love you, too. Hello, welcome to the show.
Hi Hi, how are you?
Hi, I'm good. How are you?
Starting to lose my mind, but it's okay. Hi.
Okay. Hi.
Okay, go catch a mind and I have two resolutions.
It's to recover from my eating disorder and to learn that I can't save everybody.
Yeah. Those are two good ones. Those are two good ones, especially I would say to it's all so I had to learn that too. It's not my job to save everybody good advice. I got from someone but especially if you need to take care of yourself first, I feel like when you give so much to others, sometimes you give away a little bit of yourself. So those go hand in hand.
It sounds like yeah, they were both self-destructive in different ways.
Yeah. Well, I hope you push through it and get on the other side of it. I believe in you and I hope it goes really well.
Thank you. Happy New Year.
Okay, we're cranking through probably got about 30 more calls.
It sounds like hello.
Welcome to the show.
Hi Chris. How are you? Holding up.
I'm doing okay. I forgot how head-spinning this is. Thank you for checking in on me.
How are you?
I'm good. Thank you. My New Year's resolution is to get back to my craft my actual career. I think I'm an artist and a pretty small community. Like a niche and these kind of work and I tried this last year to make it like, you know that was going to be like successful and so I want a little bit more corporate with it and it was just a little bit so sapping so I'm excited to just get back to being like a an artist and do my thing for fun this year.
Yeah. We're on the same page I went and sold out and don't don't regret it. But I'm happy to get back to just making albums about New Jersey and talking to people on the phone sounds like we're right on the same wavelength, right?
Yeah, and I think we all appreciate that.
So thanks for that, please thank you. I hope that I crossed paths with your heart one day.
Yeah, well fingers crossed.
All right.
We're on our New Year's episode. Yeah, I'm taking a deep breath. So many people so many stories. I'm so happy to talk to all of them. And let's see who's next.
Hello me.
Yeah, that's you.
Well, hi.
Wow, cool.
Hi Chris. This is definitely a different hole than I've ever heard before.
So that was I knew I was going to get On the air with you, huh?
Welcome.
So I yes, thank you my resolution 5 to 1 is to succeed in growing at least 30 pounds lighter this year. Okay, and the other is to finally publish my novel that I've been working on for about 30 years 30 nanometers.
Yes, see you've been doing it.
Like have you been shopping it around or have you just been sort of obsessively tinkering for decades?
I have been writing it and editing it and trying to find a publisher for it for all that time. Oh, this is the year. I can't wait to read your novel and I don't even like fiction. I like reading nonfiction better. That's awesome. It's gonna happen.
I can feel it in my bones congrats already on the publication of your novel short. To be a number one bestseller, New York Times. Okay. Hello. Welcome. What's your New Year's resolution?
Hi, Chris. Hang in there. I think this shows going to be great. Thank you so much my resolution my resolution I'm thrilled to talk to you. By the way. My resolution is to get my financial shit together.
I've I've been I'm 50.
I've been divorced for two years. This is my first time living on my own and I Just have been floundering paycheck to paycheck. So spent the last two years getting over the divorce and all the mental abuse that came from that and now it's time to get the finances together.
That's an amazing goal. Yeah it is, but I hope I hope it's greener pastures, and I hope that as you get the momentum going in the direction you want that you can build this life on your own in a way that's exciting and surprising.
Thank you. Thank you. And by the way, Hey, thank you for helping being part of the emotional healing of the whole divorce aspect to listening. Your show has helped me a lot. So I appreciate it.
Very very happy to hear that. I feel like that's the exact type of thing that makes me want to make stuff to help out people who are hurting a little bit cannot see the other side. Okay, Jer. I'm going to I got to take off the sweatshirt. Hold on one second everybody. The headphones have to come off.
All right everybody. I'm alive. She might be seeing too much skin. Okay. Alright. Okay, we can keep This one going. All right headphones are coming back on. Hello. Welcome to the show. Oh God. I was overheating. Oh hi, what's up?
Not the thank you so much for doing this joyous. I bet my my resolution is to take more tangible steps towards creative goals and quit my trash job quit your trash job.
I love the phrasing on that by the way, I love it.
What makes your job a trash job, you know minimum wage and not a lot of respect. Not a lot of respect.
That's the big one. That's the big one. Yeah, that's what I don't understand when people are gutting it out for minimum wage. You'd think that employers would at least fill in the gaps on that with a hell of a lot of respect and I'm sorry that wasn't your experience.
Thank you. I appreciate it.
Well, good luck. What if you had what if you were like no, it's it's literal actually am a sanitation worker.
It's actually I'm feeling like, you know you some people would probably Find it enjoyable but I that would be a literal trash guy would be it would be happy New Year to you and the YouTube stream.
We are live streaming this on YouTube for anyone listening the future. I took on my sweatshirt Yellow g informs me. I saw your belly Chris gethard. Also Nick bonded to two. I went to high school with says what up, white boy. What up Bonaduce? Let's keep these calls go on. I want to hear all your New Year's resolutions.
Hello. Welcome to the show.
Hi Chris.
How are you? I'm I'm great. Never been better.
How are you? I'm okay. I'm a past caller. I'll let everybody guess who I was and here's my resolution.
I finally started a job after being a stay-at-home mom. And my resolution is to make new friends. I don't ones that's amazing.
And now I'm trying to place your voice now. It's going to be a mystery. Everybody's gonna guess.
Well, I got on here last resolution show and people guess who I was too. So technically this is the third time that got through with you.
Wow. Well done. I look forward to your adult friends coming to fruition. I can imagine that that's a nice thing.
Do you have any tips for people on that? I'm grilling all my new co-workers like okay, but you do what's your husband? Like, what do you do for fun? What do you like to eat? I need the adult companionship. So I'm looking forward to developing new relationships.
Well, I wish you nothing but luck in the course of that. I was going to ask if you had tips on how to get through but I guess everybody else just have to keep showing their own Road on this one. Okay? Hello. Welcome. What's your New Year's resolution. So happy to talk to you. Hi.
Hi Chris. How are you? So, okay. Good. How are you? Okay, I want to get this out really quickly. He said something on a show. Once it made me wish I could say this to you guys and to others who deal with the same thing. So I said a lot of my life wondering why I was depressed even though I was had things to be happy for and why I was suicidal.
Even though my life is so good. But mine's are not as logical as we think and sometimes we can have a thought and it just won't make sense and some days all that we can do is be easy on ourselves each sleep take her meds, and hope tomorrow will be better. And if not tomorrow have faith that a better day will soon come along.
So I wanted to say that to you for a while and my New Year's resolutions is to slow down and live in the moment treat people Kinder give energy to good things and wake up earlier so I can walk. More dogs in the day that I love it.
I love everything you just said, I think your message is On Target and the fact that it ended with walking more dogs. I love thinking of you out there. Happy walking dogs enjoying life. Thank you for encouraging everyone who might find this Gonna Keep It rolling. Hello. Welcome. What's your resolution?
Hi.
I'm so sorry. My resolution is to just sort of make more time for myself next year. I think 2019 been a very good year for me. I've done a lot. With work and it's all very exciting. But all the work. I just don't have any time for myself in the morning or in the evening or anything like that and it's all sort of training at me and stressing me out.
I hate work stress. I hate hearing how often this is. We we we put so much of our self-worth and work.
I love it. Yeah.
Yeah. I mean, I really enjoy what I do, but it's just got to the point. It's like I almost can't cope anymore with everything that I'm doing at work. Yeah, and I just want more time for me.
Unless time at work.
Hey, can I ask have you been on the show before?
I haven't but I am English so you probably confusing me with someone else.
Well, you sound a lot like that guy once sat on a bench with in that Park in London, but that maybe that's just me being ignorant to Accents. But you have a similar like calming Vine.
I appreciate that I guess yes, and I hope we all got listen. Can we all just start admitting? Can we all just start recognizing that money isn't everything and that accomplishments at work? And at the sole steak self-worth, that's a big thing. I want to keep pushing to myself in this next year. Thank you for the call.
Let's go ahead.
Let's get the next one popping off. We're going to get it Poppin Off. What are you popping off with in the New Year?
Hello? Hello. Hi.
Am I on?
Yeah, you're on.
Oh, my New Year's resolution is to stop giving a shit about what people think. So yeah. I just moved to a big. I just moved to a city to do art and tis the season to judge people's life choices, but I'm just trying to do what I want to do.
You gotta do what I want to do. Stop giving a shit all these people you're worried about their opinions. Who cares. You gotta go you go and you tell him you don't you don't Ask them what their opinion is. You say here's what I'm bringing to the world deal with it. Yes, what I'm trying to do. I think you're going to crush it and I hope you enjoy life in the big city because big cities can be exciting places.
3 2 1 okay next call let's get it going. Thank you so much for calling. Hello and welcome. Yes. Hi.
Hey guys. I'm so in the new year. I resolve to finally make an eye appointment. I've been wearing glasses that have been glued or taped for well over a year and a half.
Nice simple one. Yeah. Yeah. I also resolved to hopefully talk to you for an hour. I love this and There is one. I really would love to go to sandwich night. And next year.
I hope there's one will see I would love if your full hour was you just in-depth describing to me the ways in which your glasses are broken and need to be fixed so I can describe probably the multiple ways in which I have repaired them over the last year. We got 20 seconds.
Okay, have a happy New Year guys. Love to you and your wife and your baby. Okay.
Do you want to just give us ten seconds worth of ways you fix them hot glue dental floss different colors of duct tape one time on a roller coaster.
I had to break them because I had to put them in my shirt. Hey, I will wonder forever what that means and how you use dental floss to fix them and thank you for the well wishes to my family.
That's awful kind of you. Hello. Welcome to the show.
Hello.
Oh, there's someone I just heard the most fate. Can you hear me that I've ever heard?
Can you hear me now?
I can hello.
Hello.
My name is resolutions are I don't know. I'm trying to become a better clown. So I want to do acrobatic stuff this year what and basically yeah, that's awesome your Cloud. Yeah. I'm opal the clown. That's incredible.
I mean, you're not supposed to say your name, but I guess that's a clown named so that's fine.
Yeah, it's my name. So I'm all good. Where do you do clowning?
Basically, just everywhere. I am all the time.
You got a call back some time because I want to ask if clowning has a dark side.
There's always a dark side to come comedy.
I'm sure you know that I've always wondered what the clowning version of that is.
All right, Bri and manuals Pet Services watching live on YouTube. You got to check it off your bucket list. Thank you so much for calling Lucas. Roger says everyone on hold probably. Says hello. Every time you say hello. I think that might be true. That being said. Hello. Welcome to the show.
Hello.
Hi.
Oh, can you am I on?
Yeah, you're on. Oh, thank you so much for doing this. It's a plum and thank you for everything the show got me through my marathon training. So it was really fun to be just running around all these lakes and laughing to myself while listening to you.
I really appreciate it.
That's so cool. My New Year's resolutions. Yeah. It was a lot of I got a lot of weird looks good cackling that that's why I exist.
Yes. Okay your resolution. Yes.
Yeah, I want to be kinder to both myself and others I think if I'm kinder to myself it allow me to be kinder to others so maintain some better boundaries like emotionally. I just started my grad school in fiction writing. I know you said you're not a fiction reader, but hopefully one day you'll read my book.
My goal is to finish my manuscript by the end of the year. I have eight stories done. Well mostly done for like a I want to do 12. Maybe I also want to get better at push.
Okay, Jared I had signal Jared. I mean again God but I want to read all your stories and I want to read the novel. I'm so sorry the way he cut you off but we have so many calls to get through in the idea. That whole deal is you got one minute. I'm so sorry. I feel so bad. But also, I think that may have been a funny moment. Who knows?
Hello. Welcome to the show.
And we're going to pause grab yourself a nice cold glass of water kick back.
Listen to some ads calm and paste and even if you're out there trying to do the right thing eat kale salads drink smoothies that you're preparing all the ingredients yourself.
I'm telling you. We all know it's still likely that you're not getting all the essential nutrients. You need on a daily basis enter ritual the obsessively researched vitamin for women ritual makes it so easy ritual really makes it easy for you to get everything you need in one place. My wife has used ritual.
He's very fond of it. I think the way that they approach everything makes sense. They're taking a lot of the stress. You don't you don't have to go and think about okay, I gotta go on the internet and research every single thing that I gotta go to the store and see if I can track down all the versions of those things know they do all that for you rituals Essentials have the nutrients most of us. Don't get enough up from food D3 omega-3. So many more all of these things in their clean absorbable forms. There's no Shady additives.
There's no weird ingredients that you never even heard of of that do more harm than good to your body Better Health doesn't happen overnight. And right now ritual is offering my listeners 10% off during your first three months fill in the gaps in your diet with essential for women a small step that helps support a healthy foundation for your body visit ritual. Com stories to start your ritual today.
That's 10% off during it first three months at ritual. Com / stories.
Get back in the trenches get some more phone calls cooking.
Hello. Hi. Hi, how are you? Pretty good?
Yeah, my New Year's resolution is to start being more comfortable going to places on my own and just like making friends and stuff. So and being nicer to myself.
I think that's an important one to I think those are two great ones. I like going to I like going to movies on my own. I kind of like going to concerts on my own.
I went to a concert last night on my own to try it out.
How'd you like I like being able to just stand in the back and not worried that I'm holding anybody else back from having fun.
Don't lie. I'm kind of tall. So I'd like to try to stay away from the front and because I know that shorter people are going to hate me for standing in the front of the concert.
Well as a shorter person, I thank you for that. Thank you. I appreciate. All right someone in the chat is saying so many aspiring authors. I think that's true.
I think that's so cool.
That's so many so many listeners to the show writing was someone else in the YouTube chat and saying I am not very funny. That's fine by me have your opinions have one or two percent? Okay. Alright, let's go ahead and see who's next. Welcome to the show.
Hey, this is me.
Yep, it's you.
Oh great. My resolution is to get healthy enough this year to be able to Run a half marathon and to fit into a wedding dress because I just got a gauge.
Hey congrats and there's also this game that's about I want to say maybe 15 years old called Ico on the PlayStation 2 that I have never beaten because I refuse to use cheats and look up strategies.
So I would like to somehow figure out this darn game that amazing.
So get married run a half marathon and also beat a game. That sounds like it. Maybe decades old. Yes.
It's an impossible to play puzzle game. I can't figure it out. But maybe after all these years I can figure it out.
I hope you spear that great white whale happy New Year.
Welcome to the show. Who's next. Sorry to cut you off there. Hello? Hello.
How's it going? It's good note. Yeah.
I know everyone's asking that it this way.
Hey, so my son turns One next day he shares a birthday with my wife and I want to show them a good time.
Make them have a happy birthday.
I've never sort of aspired to be an author but I kind of on a whim wrote a novel in three weeks this September and it turned out to be moderately successful. So I'm working on a follow-up to that and yeah so gonna I guess right my second book. This year and have another successful year of managing bipolar disorder finding balance between that work life, you know all that.
Now, how do you think the lady who's been working on a book for 30 years feels that you farted out a successful one of the three weeks.
Yeah.
Yeah, so it's like it's a novelette. So it's like 15,000 words.
It's Okay, 15,000 words. Yep, Jared the cut you up lot of authors calling lot of books coming out this year from our listeners that super cool. Hello. Who do we have on the show? It's good to talk to you.
Hello. Hi.
Hi.
Hi, I'm from all the way down under in New Zealand. So it's nice and early in the morning for us here. That's cool.
I want to go to New Zealand someday.
I hope you do with love to see you. And so 2019 was a bit of a year for us. My nine-year-old son was diagnosed with anxiety and I have to say a huge thank you to your shows. The number of times that I was driving to work in the car and just the right thing was said by a caller to make me think that I had to keep.
Pricing for him. So it's been a huge thing for us. And we ended up having to have him out of school for the last turn because of course our school year ends in December, but we found a fantastic school for him for 20 20 % an amazing therapist. So 2024 us has all that pulling out all the stops to make sure that he can be happy and healthy and looking forward incredible.
I wish you nothing but luck and I'm so impressed by you as a parent because I tell you I didn't see any help tires about 22 23 and the fact that you're on top of it and helping this guy when he's nine incredible. So incredible.
Yeah, it's a funny flip side because on one hand you think he's so young. He's so young couldn't we have waited but on the other hand, they think we're getting everything in place so that when he's and as teams and when he's in his twenties, he really knows how to seek help and we can help them with that.
Absolutely. Incredible. Good luck. I wish you nothing but a great 2020. Hello, we got time for a handful more. I think who's on the phone? Hi Chris, it's Melanie. Well, you're not it's Anonymous. You're not sorry.
Okay, that's fine.
That's fine.
So you got back through now my yeah, we were lucky enough.
So that's all that's it.
That's an incredible one to get out of an abusive situation and to be able to have the rest of your life ahead of you. I would imagine must feel daunting but also very very exciting.
Yeah, I'm totally excited. So just looking forward to what 2020 brings to 2019 was awful. So my mom died just been one of those years that so is rough and not cool and horrible and I hope that 2020 gives you nothing but success and happiness.
All right on the YouTube people watching the stream live on YouTube someone in crypto Collectibles pointing out that my arms are crossed in this is a sign of negativeness. I'm just chilling now. I took up my sweatshirt because I was hot and now I'm chilly. Okay. Anyway, let's keep the calls were rolling. Hello. Welcome to the show.
Hello. Hi Chris.
Yeah, it's so great to hear from you. So get your for me to even though you are currently inside a wind turbine.
Oh, no, I'm in the car hands-free.
I promise I'll make it quick. I'm hotter and I'm growing my small business in Minneapolis Minnesota. I'm looking I'm really looking forward to 2020 and my wife and I are going to Harry Potter World in Orlando and February. So we're stoked about that. That's awesome. What's being a Potter? Like that's the Potters one of those professions like blacksmith where I think people forget that it's still a thing.
Yeah.
It's really hard. I mean, we're just trying to make beautiful things that will enhance people's lives, you know every day. It's a lot easier, you know, if you got a handmade mug and you're drinking tea out of it, it's just means a lot more than something you get out of Walmart, you know, your laughs it's really hard but you got to just keep on going, you know, keep doing it up and enjoy Harry Potter World. Yeah, let's go ahead.
Yeah my Potter friend.
Who else do we have on the phone here today? Day, hi Chris.
How are you?
I'm doing great. How are you?
I'm doing good. And my resolution is to give myself a little more gray in the coming year. I am a mom of two under two and my husband is long-haul truck driver. So he was just gone for three weeks and now he's gone again over the weekend and it's easy to get down on yourself and think like I'm not doing enough. I'm not You know doing everything that the girls need but I'm kind of rocking it and I need to remind myself of that. Hey in the coming year.
I only have one and I get to be home a lot and it's so hard. So for you to be raising to and your husband's work in a job where he's out on the road all the time.
I don't know how you do it your superhero.
I don't know how I'm doing it either but we're doing it and the other thing too is, you know, give myself a little more Grace, but also make sure that I'm you know, praising my husband for being out there and supporting us and I know that he's got a lot of lonely nights too, but it's all for one common cause and for our girls and I got to make sure I remind him how important that is to us to so amazing sounds like you're a great mom and a great partner.
We're gonna get a few more in we have time for a handful more. I want to let everybody know we're prioritizing the people have been sitting on her. The longest so if you're just getting on hold now, we might not get yet. I'm gonna try my hardest. Let's keep it going. Hello. Welcome to the show.
Hi.
Hello. Hi. Hi hon, it's good. How are you? Good.
This is weird. Yeah, I agree.
My life is weird.
Well, that's fun.
So my goal is I want to figure out what I want to do in life.
I'll figure out what I want to do with my job because I've been sitting in limbo for the past 4 years.
No fun. Yeah, that's not fun at all.
I hope that you nail it down and get some momentum going smile.
You're really excited about and I want you to check out the band July Talk, not me not my band, but they're from my city. You should check them out July Talk.
That sounds good. Now, I do want to be clear a small child did say hello directly if the phone at one point right? I'm not hallucinating.
No, no, my daughter amazing.
So I'll check out July Talk. You'll get your career headed in the direction. You want much. Love to you and your daughter. Happy New Year. Let's go ahead see houses. Are we got hello? Welcome to the show.
Hello.
Hi Hi.
How are you? Did you just drop something Grandma?
How are you? You got through again.
I got three again. The 39 year old grandma. You must be like what 40 by now.
I am for wait, wait, wait. Wait. No I just turned for you on like three days ago.
Wow getting up there Grandma.
I know right? How are you?
I'm good. I have a kid in the car every time we've talked and every time we met in person, you fill me with an endless amount of Joy Oh, yay.
So happy I wanted to tell you that. I just talked to my husband and he said we can go see you in January and San Francisco or the life. I think so super excited. I'm going to go to that and my resolution is get myself in shape and get ready for the convention and they can't wait to see you in San Francisco and in New York City and I met at the beautiful come out of this you are the best.
I'm so happy you got through again. That makes me people in the YouTube chat are going this. You're a legend a beautiful Anonymous Legend. I agree.
Happy New Year to you.
Let's go ahead get up. We could get a couple more in Kentucky to your 39 year old grandma 41 year old grandma.
Happy birthday. Okay. Hello.
Are you hello? Hi.
Hi, I am I odd. Yeah.
Yeah, you're currently on.
Oh my God. Okay. This is just like the best thing ever. So I'm sitting in my car and I'm just listening and I'm waiting and I'm listening to everyone's super cool Year's resolutions, and I realized like I didn't really have one and I had to sit in my car because my kids are home from college playing the guitar really really loud. So I was wondering if you wanted. To hear I do.
I want to hear your college days children play guitar. Yes.
Okay, everybody. I'm inside I got to run inside and the reception kind of about it myself. Okay, I mean to see you sir. Help me out five-second happiness guys, it's Chris gethard on the phone from beautiful. Anonymous can play a jam.
I'm not joking one blowing your nose. I know what we only have one minute but now your minutes up, but I want to hear some licks.
You want to hear some come on girl? Girl, oh my God. So sorry that Holland just Jam. I know I know he's Tyson.
It's okay. I've been there, okay.
All right. That was amazing. I'm glad we got to hear those Hot Licks. All right. Couple more. Let's keep it going. Hello. Welcome to the show.
Hello. Hi. Oh, I must be on you are on. How about that? I want to stop having my life being led by fear. I've gotten too good at being alone. And I'm you know, I'm really good at being self-sufficient and taking care of myself, but man, it's really hard for me to like connect with other people. Sometimes and I just got to get better at that and stop being so dang scared of everything and it's frustrating. I love that.
I love that. I've been I've been through I've been through those feelings. It feels good to get on the other side of it.
Yeah you conquer a lot but then you look at some some places where you're at in your life. It's like man, I just got I'm so close. I'm right there right there and that's kind of where I'm at and I can see I could see the horizon line and it's just a couple more steps.
I think this is your year. You're going to get over the finish line. Thank you for calling. Who do we got? What do we got? Thank you. All right. Thank you. Got how many we got time for a couple more jail time catching. My second wind catch my second. Well, hi. How are you?
Good. How are you?
I'm doing okay, so, oh great.
I'm happy to hear that. So my New Year's resolution. I live in Westchester. So we're New Yorkers. Neighbors somewhat I only have about 75 K saved up, but I would really want to get my own apartment this year and I'm a teacher so that's going to be hard but I really want to go for it is my New Year's resolutions $75,000 saved.
Yeah, but I live in Westchester County.
So that's like a penny it is expensive. It is expensive but it sounds like you're I bet there's a lot of people going. Wow you are you are right there. I think that you I think you can get there.
I'm just scared and I just need I need motivation to go for it.
But yeah, and I'm 28 this year.
So I'll be 29 in August and I hope to get there before I'm twenty nine super cool go I think you can get there.
I believe in you feels good feels good to turn that corner. Thank you for being a teacher. Let's just as beautiful. That's where my wife grew up. Anyway. Hello. Welcome to the show.
Am I on you are on God.
Damn it. I thought I was going to miss it for that jam session.
Be a leader.
You have to be a hater.
No. No, I'm a musician.
It's just I get it.
I just I'm selfish. I guess I'll get what's your resolution resolution is to survive just to stay alive.
Yeah, it sounds morbid, but I seem to always be having these near-death experiences.
And now I'm married so there's a reason to stay alive, you know?
Yeah.
Yeah, I think you got it.
You got to keep making music and every time I've felt like there wasn't a reason invariably something happens. That asked me really thank God that I didn't know there's region.
Yeah. Yeah. There's a reason that's my wife. She's made. But I yeah, I mean, I mean like I've been chased by bears and I've like I chose to walk across the country and I almost died a bunch there and more recently a skydiver almost landed on my head, but my wife was with me, so I dragged her into my experience is now so you're not cool.
You're not suicidal. You just live a cartoon life of Terror.
Yes. Yes incredible. All right. Watch out for bears and Aaron skydivers in the New Year.
Hello. Welcome to the show. What's up, man?
How's it going?
It's good. Dude. How are you?
Life is good. Living the dream my New Year's resolution.
You actually kind of already know about I'm going to be filming a documentary on fake martial arts, and hopefully they've a lot of people and helped a lot of people in this world not fall prey to Colts and people who might take it.
Each of them in that industry.
Yes. I love this for anybody listening. I will say we have never met in person. I've talked to this person. He it goes around the world exposing sham snake oil martial arts, and it's amazing and hilarious and a good Public Service.
Yeah. Thank you man. I appreciate that now, you know, I also I just want to say that I think that what you're doing here with the beautiful Anonymous thing. It's great hearing people's stories. It's really inspiring stuff. And so I wanted to call in at least one time and support you because you Support me man.
Thank you so much. And I feel like it's going to keep rolling. I've tell you I am such a fan of this guy's project that I've actually reached out and said, is there any way I can help and I hope that I can find a way to help the new year because it's so funny what they're doing. Okay got time for a couple more.
Hey, how's it going?
It's good. How are you? Good.
I'm really stoked to be on stoked to have you on. Yeah. So my New Year's resolution is really just to kick off. This has been Rough year for me. I spent a lot of it battling a pretty serious eating disorder.
I was an inpatient hospital for six weeks and then I went back to school to finish my last semester of college despite.
Everyone telling me I couldn't do it and I'm glad to say first half of the semester. I was in 35 hours a week of therapy and taking classes and last Monday. I turned in my last paper my undergraduate degree.
Wow congrats. That's thank you so much. At all these people say you couldn't do it. I'm glad you said a very play enough.
Fuck that. I'm gonna go do it. That's great. Yeah, and I've got my graduated with my dream job. I'm moving to New York to do the thing. I've always wanted to do that. My degree was in and things are just really turning around for me. And I'm so excited to see what 2020 has high.
Can't wait to see what you pull off. Stay healthy and congratulations. What an accomplishment. Okay. Hello, welcome to the show.
Hi.
Hello. Hi my own.
Yeah, I gross hi.
Happy New Year. Happy New Year. Yeah you too. Hi. Hi. So excited to get on I'm at the tail end. I'm glad I got on excited to have you on and then should I showed my son persistence paid off and left to me 500 dials. Anyway, come on. Yes, my New Year's resolution is You get back to my best self bad few years.
We've had financial problems. And a lot of it is.
Affecting affecting my son's ability to you know concentrate at school and stuff and we just need to get back to a good place. I hope you guys get economy. You get a real job and being an old person to get economy sucks. Yeah. Yeah.
It's a new world. We live in and we gotta figure out a way to make it more fair to the people. I known in the work in the time love resolution to get to see you in San Francisco.
So we're going to try to do that.
Hey, you know what? Reach Out reach out to me on one of the various platforms will see what we can do. Okay, let me know. You're the person who called.
Awesome, cool.
All right, how much time we got Sharon five minutes left four minutes. Okay, we're gonna get a couple more in. Hello. Welcome to the show.
How are you?
I've gathered same old shit. How about you?
Oh, you know just hanging out. I was thinking about my New Year's resolutions for this year, which is one to make more art and to to get everyone to watch cgp, because it's awesome. Thanks. Nobody's watching literally. I can't get anyone to watch it.
It sucks because I think it's great. The Discord is amazing.
It's full of amazing beautiful wonderful people and I just don't understand why more people aren't getting involved in watching.
Yeah, me too Monroe. Martin's episode needs more views. It's the best.
Is this Emily pineapple? No, it's thrill hosts real house how I throw out in the Discord?
I don't know. I've got to my knowledge. I haven't I don't know throw house in real life. So it still counts as Anonymous through house five seconds left where we at?
Watch the GP eat more butts.
Thank you for that. Alright, welcome to the show.
Is this me? It's you right at the tail end.
Oh my gosh. Okay, I went to say that the person before he said they didn't want to live their life out of here. I really did to a lot that's kind of the same for me to connect to more people and I was having a really hard mental health day today and it's actually a beautiful day outside where I am and listening to this and not talking to you makes me want to get outside and change how my day was going. That's Great.
Yeah, that's generally what I want to do in 2020 is to kick more ass and eat more ass. I suppose kick more ass and eat more as to calls in a row that I've brought up S eating.
Well, God bless you. I hope you keep taking Pleasant walks around the block.
I hope you kick ass and I hope your munch on as much but as you desire, I'm good.
All right, thank you. Welcome to the show. We're right at the And how are you? Hey, am I on?
Yes, you are one of the final ones.
Okay.
Awesome. Well my New Year's resolution of really to just go out and take more beautiful pictures. I've been so unhappy with myself and just so upset, but I do photography and it really makes me happy and I just wish the best to be able to take photos and share that with people and I also wish everyone who's listening and you a wonderful and happy New Year.
I wish you a Happy New Year's well and I think taking Photos of all the beautiful things in life. What a nice way to put yourself in a better head space, I sure hope so if I wish you all the very very best I wish you the best as well. Thank you for calling. I now believe we're going to do you do?
Oh I am so lucky that I get to do this.
Sorry that I burped. So sorry that I burped Athenian. I mean it's shocking that in this length of time with this much talking only burped was one more one more call is what I'm being told and then I think we're going to do And special with everybody on the line, so don't hang up yet. Hello and welcome to the show.
You're a final full length call.
Hello cat is this me?
Yeah, what up?
Hello? Holy shit.
I just like I want to stop smoking my wife hates it and I got sober about a year and a half ago. And that's my last Vice.
So it's like it's time to cut it time to kill the shit.
That's a great one happier healthier longer life.
Amen. Amen. I'm tired of waking up with a cough every morning. I just want to thank you guess for the encouragement. You've been in all of our lives. And I know you got my wife to the time when I was in rehab and absent and in so many ways your voice has been the encouragement to me to the last two years.
So thank you for that.
Well, I tell you thanks for going in there getting everything straightened out fighting. I know how hard that is. Love to you and your wife and I'll tell you the same thing. People say, oh you do a lot for me, but I'm telling you you guys do so much more for me. I get to sit here in the studio get all these phone calls from people who remind find me that the world is not the harsh and brutal place that it often seems and it has filled my life with so much perspective.
Now. My understanding is Jared. We have 15 people still waiting on the line the hours up you're now going to put all 15 people through at once. So for everybody who's sitting on alt these 15 people Jared is you're going to all be talking over each other. Hello. Yeah. Yeah everybody fight for focus.
Hello.
Hello. Hello.
And that's it. I gotta go sleep for hours. That was a lot but it was awesome.
It's awesome to talk to you and I hope everybody out there compasses.
The goals takes care of their health takes care of their loved ones it scared of everything and it's just so nice to talk about all jokes about it being exhausting side. What a joy connect with everybody and I'm sure the Ayahuasca call it from You much back. It's going to love that and put that on a loop.
Take some I'll ask, but could not not grudging whatever you want to do, whatever you guys want to do.
Anyway, it's been a fantastic year. Thank you everybody calling and listening and being a part of it. Thank you. Jerry O'Connell. Thank you - L said Chris get. Com. If you want to know more about me and my dates you like the show Apple podcast rate review. Subscribe. See you next year.
Next time I'm beautiful Anonymous the world is very small and I wind up in the thick of it.
Okay, what what kind of cat? No, I'm not gonna try to guess but what are the odds? What would you say the odds are that I know this person.
Honestly, he was the oddest odds, right? I would my well, I guess there's always room for error but I would say like 98% 98% and when you say no they like and that would be that that's like oh, yeah.
I know their work or you're saying 98% chance that I have personally met your half-brother who you've never met.
I think I might I think the second one I would be very surprised if you haven't interacted with this person.
That's next time on beautiful anonymous.
Glandon Oakfoot, Jomar Salveston and Tyrone The Terrible reunite for one last adventure. Theyre joined by their trusted Game Master, a parade of familiar friends and intern Gingerburg in an effort to revive the Princess from catatonic busy signal sickness. For more Beautiful Follow-Ups & the full Beautiful/Anonymous back catalog, go to StitcherPremium.com and use code STORIES.
READ LESS
Hi everybody, Chris gethard. I'm dropping you some bonus content. It's a Friday. It's not Tuesday getting released on Friday. Hey, I want to remind everybody we got these beautiful follow-ups. It's awesome. It's it what we do is we go back with callers from the past people who I've been thinking about wondering how they're doing.
We do calls sometimes years after we first spoke to them here how they're doing here how everything's gone. And we just completed a second batch of them. And we've been releasing them each week in recent memory and we just wrapped up they're all up there at Stitcher premium. Go to stitch a premium. Com.
Use the code stories get a free month. You can binge through all of those you can binge through all the followers from last year. All of our back catalogue is they're not just the last six months. It's all ad-free. There's a whole bunch of live shows that don't live anywhere else. It's cool stuff Stitch your premium. Com use that code stories get that free. Month and wanted to bring you a sample of it for free. So one of the episodes that we did it's an actual epic. It's like the Lord of the Rings of of beautiful Anonymous.
We had our GM who previously did an episode called at Glendon Oak foot was in the title where myself Jared Harry actually teamed up played a role playing Dungeons and Dragons esque adventure with this GM followed back up with her. They got a whole bunch of old friends to come check in. And it's epic truly epic. It's almost two hours long.
It's so fun. You're going to hear from a lot of Old Friends Along the way all under the guise of a fantasy role-playing Adventure. I hope you enjoy it. Happy New Year member Stitcher premium. Com use that code stories get a free month. You can start binging tons of beautiful now Thomas content and there's all sorts of other shows on there. Enjoy this free one and if you want to hear from a ton of past callers hear how they're doing go sign up. Anyway, I'll stop rambling. Enjoy this epic call.
Hello to everybody who loves a good 12-sided die. It's beautiful follow ups no names one hour. Probably a little longer on this one. If I'm being honest one phone call. Actually that's not true. Either. There's like five or six no names definitely No Holds Barred Oh Baby Come Back.
It's not the same thing to you.
It is so fun to make these things. It is so fun to catch up with callers from years past really proud of all the ones we put out this year and I hope you have to do more you guys like them. I think that would be the case. So spread word use social media. Let's ditch your know. I had like them beautiful follow-ups.
This week's is the most fun of all this is a fitting finale couple things about this episode 1 we're catching up with the DM from our grand in Oxford episode. I think a lot of people really enjoyed that one. I was so happy they did when that one first came out. I was worried that the family is going to go. What is this such a departure from what we usually get but people thought it was really fun and funny.
This adventure was designed in a way that it brings back a smorgasbord of familiar personalities. I'm going to let you know I did not know who was coming. It was a logistical nightmare, but I think it has led to something really incredible and such a good trip. Down memory lane, actually many memory enjoy big comeback.
Thank you for following up with beautiful Anonymous after the beep. Please tell the host what has happened since your previous call was recorded.
Hello. How you been? Good, how are you? I'm good. Thanks for doing this craziness today. You're welcome excited and nervous and excited to get to do this for you. So it's gonna be a lot of fun.
Oh, may I so yeah, you are you have some some old friends coming back. So I hear I don't know who any of them are.
So I'll pass it all my gosh. Once again, I'm I'm in your safe hands.
Welcome back landed back foot.
Oh boy. Okay. Well, here we go. We'll find some friends along the way. But do our adventure begins, it has been several years since our last Quest but things have been rather peaceful in the realm. I will retrieve today is a very special day. It is the princess of the realm coronation day.
So several people vendors entertainers will be in town at the part of this all-day celebration with the coronation ceremony. Taking place this evening was very early this morning. However, glandon glandon you have retired from adventuring after these past several years and you're now living with your badass bride Cynthia and your little one on the outskirts of town.
You are awoken by a loud banging on your cottage door.
The the royal guard has fended off the effect of the hill to come and bring you to speak with the Royals. Position they do know it's early and that you are retired. But you are kind of the closest and most awesome adventure that they could find and short notice a bit of emergency. And please call off the bear.
However, when you arrive at the Capitol, you are brought into an audience with the Royal Physician so meeting them. Hello. Hello.
You are the physician could talk.
Yes. I'm committing. Okay.
You are Glenda.
Yes, Grandin Oak foot. First of my name. I will beg you to show me respect doctor. Yes, the one with a bad, right? Okay, so we have a bit of a problem.
The the princess is well.
Mmm indisposed is not quite strong enough of a word.
Well unconscious. Yes, we'll go with that.
She is in a bit of a coma. Yes. Yes. It's rather unfortunate, but we're going to need your help. I'm retired from the adventuring life. I've settled down with my wife and my son and these days are behind me. No, I know. I know it's really it's more of a collection duty. If you will, I don't anticipate you having to slay anything or anything like that, but there are some rather complicated things that I may need you to acquire through the city if you don't mind, we're on a bit of a time crunch here.
I want to help you as a fair-minded contributor to this civilization, but I'll say if I'm taking time away from my family. Then I expect to be paid a pretty pite price for my services. Oh, I assume that as soon as the princess away having been brought out of the catatonic busy signal sickness and such.
I'm pretty sure she'll be I'm then able to any demands would make just a simple. Don't don't take my word for it. But then deal I'm in I've been I'm not gonna lie. This cozy life is staying at home. I like it, but it's a little cushy and I've been craving an adventure. Anyway, let's do it. Perfect. So we were able to track down your neuro your old comrades your bugs your friend and she She sort of gestures behind her and through the large doors of the palace. You did see your old Bud Jomar Tyrone the terrible and they knew new individual rather tall green scaled Dragonborn coming through the the doorway.
Cham are Tyrone. What up? How you guys been pretty good piggledy.
Good to see you buddy.
Yeah, nice to see you has a kid. He's great and and the wife, they're great. I really like it. You know, I miss roaming around with you guys getting into trouble killing entire, you know swabs a people but it's pretty cool that you know change having a kid changes. Yeah. Yeah. Some are just turned on his voice activator. Yeah Jomar way to finally turn on your voice.
You can actually hear you care about that special technique to protect its the bar for it's a Bard thing. You wouldn't understand it.
Yeah, a lot of tea with honey and then a voice protection technology Joe Mart everyone on a quest together. Are you ready to step up and bring the heat?
Yeah, you know, it's been it's been sort of a it's Joe my last question this realm. Yeah.
It's been a while for two months for me. I'm actually moving out of the realm length later this month. You're the land of angels are here. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to try and really make it as like a like a like a real like a real singer like a Bard Bard among tomorrow. I don't care no offense. It's just been a while. I thought we'd catch up. Yeah, but we also got to get the dirt we catch up while we're on the quest. There's a lot of walking involved in these Quest why I don't need to hear your whole goddamn life story right now. Jomar was trying to connect.
Okay.
Do you have you do have your buds at the green dragon? Oh, yeah who says haven't met yet?
Hi. Yes. New hair assess it's nice to finally catch up.
What what's your name? What's the you have like an intern energy. Are you these guys in terms of something?
I'm kind of I'm these guys interns they needed some extra help and some snacks. And so I brought some snacks. I'm a Dragonborn. My name is ginger Berg Ginger Burg. Yep, and I can create. These healing flowers which is kind of cool. Sometimes that could be useful.
Yeah good to know is she's great.
All right, so I guess for the coronation. I'm a party planner. Now, you're a Party Planner.
Yeah, it's Tyrone.
I'm a party planner now.
Nice nice.
I helped helped bring together a whole bunch of vendors and performers for it. Mmm. Yeah, okay, and they're great really good.
Can't wait. I mean congrats on the new gig to I always felt your An organized person. I always felt like that, you know the chaos of roaming the world at killing people never seem totally up your alley.
Yeah, I think I've been trying to put my Barbarian background behind me and embrace more of my Elven side. Very nice.
Very nice. Congrats. So cool to see you guys. I mean Jomar you got a little gray.
Yeah a little gray Jomar salt and pepper you're doing the salt and pepper with thee. I'm just letting my natural side kind of come through. You're gonna be a silver fox that about Eighteen months now, thank you part of the all right. We just gonna stand around. Oh, they're gonna wake up this princess.
Yes. Yes. Yes, of course. I do. I do have plan we have we had a potion that we think should do the trick again just that are a couple of those ingredients that are Well weird was no other way around it, but just very strange. So I have a list if you don't mind tracking me down that would be extremely helpful and she hands over a bit of parchment to you.
So you do have a list of ingredients. Okay, you you have the hair of a talking tappy. A petrified toads, I the tooth of a giraffe.
a blue screen orchid It should I be writing all these know you handed me the parchment.
Oh, I got you. I got you. You got the part. You're good. Great. Okay a pickle deal and it says optional The Shard of a sonically shattered glass, but we'll get to that.
Okay, if push comes to shove, I feel like maybe Joe Mark and make that happen cool.
I Glennon Oak foot need to be very clear about something. I am an adventurer. I'm one of the Great Where's of this realm I am known to be someone who spills blood first and ask questions later and I cannot believe that you all made me take a weekend day off from my family to give me a shopping list. It's just a shopping list.
Well, we did figure that some of these things might be a little harder than others to potentially. So I'm coming back into the adventure game on be challenged. Also has anybody seen my bear is my bear if I'm gonna do this. I need the bear. Come on. I know everybody's scared of the bear man. We gotta get the bear going.
We did bring your bath. Yeah, he's outside. Yeah. I mean, he's my Ranger skills to just take it. Breath and just mentally connect well buddy low-tax of the hills. Oh, no, here we go. You hear a outrageous crash as the doors. You just came through in the palace burst open. Yes Acts of the hills most acts enormous.
We bear my old friend.
I grab low sex by his heart but his Mighty ears and I rub my face against his low thanks my friend it is so good to see you I was so scared. I was gonna have to just hang out with Jomar all day. Thank God you're here. So it's not just me and Jo more walking around so he could tell me about the City of Angels and how great that's gonna be.
Oh, no. Thanks my old friend. Now. I feel complete. Oh, yes, my friend. My bloodlust is rising as well.
Amazing. You've got your pair. You've got a list you have a very terrified Royal Physician who has now hid behind the throne. Yes. Yes. Just bring bring bring bring them back. Bring bring them back these please and leave just take the bath take a bath and go. Yes. Now. I'm banished on the appropriate amount of fear.
We shall begin our Quest Tyrone. Are you coming on this one, or do you have like a party to play it?
No, I'm coming because I feel like I have a good sense of who could help us. Get some of this stuff. I love that love that because we work with this unique Guild of Performers and vendors who Artisans and Craftsmen and whatnot. Yeah, they got a lot of good stuff. All right.
Well, then I got to really protect you. Okay. What am I loathe X make sure you protect.
Oh nice Tyrone terrible.
What about me? I'm I'm a little guy tell anything happened to Tyrone. We will not have access to the people. We need solo effects sacrifice Jomar if you have to but do not mess around its Tyrone at Tarawa. I don't really know what's up with ginger bird. The dragon Bird by will get a sense of them as well.
Yeah. Definitely Joe Margo's first actually starts sniffing toward Ginger Berg at this point.
I feel and like reaches into Ginger barks pocket and picks out what looks to be a bag of snacks.
I can help out.
Yeah. Absolutely. Thank you gingerbread is really useful is really is it's good to have a really good to have an intern on her Quest really actually. Thank you for doing so. Much of the heavy lifting. Thank you for that. Okay, I'm ready.
All right. Are we are we ready to make our way into town?
Yeah, we are cool.
Alright, so exiting the palace you it does sort of open straight out into the Town Centre the Town Centre is packed. Well, the trinket sellers food vendors and all of the townsfolk of the Roma like the princess's face, of course has been plastered on every type of keepsake mugs t-shirts beach towels. Novelty cocktail goblets, the smell of fried dough grilled meats and the sulfuric smell of fireworks. So they are there's music Lively conversation and show Laughter that can be heard all around you as you make your way through the crowded streets.
Well, yeah so much stuff going on. I mean we got finals. So if we're starting okay, I think the first thing is that I try to get that hair hair of a talking Tabby is at a be a cat. Does anyone know if the tabby cat?
Yes. Yes.
Oh, okay a cat.
We need some cat hair.
I'm very connected with animals as a raging River as a ranger.
We need to talk not just a cat though a talking tabby.
Where shall we find a talking Tabby?
I think I know I think I know someone who might be able to help. Okay, turn around.
I'm a bit of a cat allergy. Oh, so I might hang back a bit of a chill Mar have to shout when you talk then.
Yeah, we can hear you.
Yeah loud. Don't get lost in the hubbub, please. I don't want to get any distracted by any of these trinkets are baubles. Yeah little bubbles. I don't need you getting distracted at one of these tables because you're trying to complete your humble collection. I got him. I don't worry about that. Okay Jomar watch the lecture. Oh my he might get snuffed out by the end of this so we go towards that pit over there sure I like that instinct.
Yeah, your attention is caught by a shallow pit recently dug into the ground just south of the Town Centre a rough-and-tumble looking half-orc woman is calling to and wrestling with cats of all shapes and sizes from us tiny little black people.
It's someone else and not us. Yes, there's a tiny little flattering. There's also a 15 foot long tabby cat with a large band wrapped around its neck that is yelling at her. Yes yelling at her as you approach your hair the cat whining Mom Mom. It's still stop. Mom. Mom. Awesome. I know it's stuck to you. Yes, honey. I know but I'm busy can't you see that I have sir. He's six other cats with me but it's dog is disaster.
That's a lot of cat Mom. Mom Mom. It's stuck. Hello Travelers. Hello. Well, should we have company? That is one big cat you got there. The cat is a snapping at her side. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom mom honey. I will honey. Yes, I will do it. Go play go play with Jack. Chuck hmm and go Jax tiny. Well go see if Jack Jack can maybe get the collar off of you?
I don't know what you were doing before. I don't know why you decided to play before we decide to get ready for performance.
And then you get jacked up on you and now you and yes, go see jacket. Excuse me. I don't I don't answer. I'm not I don't want to interrupt here. Hi, I am Glenn denote foot. First of my name. Yes. I know who you are. We are in the middle of a quest and we gonna okay. Oh, hi. Hi. Sorry incredible Fiona the feline Tamar extraordinary. Welcome.
So nice to meet you. Your name's what was it? Glendon Oak foot first of my name. These are my A companions Tyrone the terrible Ginger break the dragon bird both acts of the hills my mighty bear. Also this guy Joe Mars around he's here too. Hello. Hello. Yes. I'm actually familiar with ginger Burke. She brought me you brought me a bunch of yarn for my kittens to play with.
How are you enjoying the blue one? The sparkly.
Oh my God their favorite it is so nice having a concern around. It is all night Ginger Baker the toast of the town. I have no idea. Listen. We need a hair from you're talking cat. We're in the middle of an adventure. It's an important thing. I do not have time to explain and there's information that must remain quiet less the town people freak out but it is imperative. We have a hair from your talking cat you mean floor She's talking cat. Yeah. Sure. Yeah.
Well Mom Peggy I got Mom.
Plus look at Mommy. You're fine. Just give me give me one second. Okay, I will help you in one second. Hmm.
Listen, I would love to help you but my daughter she has this thing on her neck and my fingers are so you know, I'm so good at petting cats, but I it's so it's so tiny. I can't get it off. If you can get this thing stuck off of her neck, then, you know, maybe Maybe so we can ask if maybe you can have some of her first because you know, she is her own person and I want to teach her bodily autonomy as a young talking to Abby. Okay bodily autonomy is very important. That's very nice.
We would gladly help remove this growth from your cat's neck maybe a feeling. Yeah.
I feel like our intern can make healing flowers.
We got a healing flowers from Ginger Berg. I'm also willing to add six I am Also a Ranger with him connection to animals and I'm certain I can tame this.
Okay, don't waste the ginger for yeah, don't waste the healing flowers.
Just yeah, I can talk to it. Hello Fair feline friend of mine remain calm. Hi it is I your mom friend. I am Glenn an oak foot. First of my name master of and my friend to all animals including you would you be? Okay. Should I reach out and gently remove this aberration from your neck in a band? It's a rubber band. Can you get off?
Yeah. You just stay still I can get the rubber band off you. All right stays tight. Okay, you're going to get it off, but I'm going to go play with Jack Jack and it's sort of wanders off the focus up you okay or clady your cat has some sort of ADHD situation here where we got to do to get this cat to calm down ADHD. Listen, she's young that's worth attention. Span won't worry about it.
Anyways Fleur come here. Stop playing with Jack Jack Jack Jack clean up your room. We are. Mom, okay. Okay. Can you send off of your neck? Yes, I believe you got a rubber band stuck on their neck. How did you do that as playing with Jack Jack? Okay. I got like nine things. I gotta get so we got I can't spend all day with the cat.
I can't spend all day.
I left I was floor onto my lap and sit down on a box and start. Petting her head. She purse cheaper it is it is the have you ever heard like a leopard on YouTube? / it's like that. It is loud. It would almost be frightening except it's kind of adorable. Okay, you should be able to take you should be able to do it now. She's pretty distracted.
I remove a dagger from my pocket. I know I know how to get this rubber band off simply and quickly. What's that Mom was that it's a knife Fleur. Don't worry about no - it's okay. He's not going to hurt you.
Do you think mommy would have somebody here?
That's what hurt you I would crush his skull like a tiny taking my hand. Don't worry once you put you across this skull mom. You're right do not challenge me. I can best you and best your cat and we can do this the easy one. My mom would kick your butt any day a rare, but it has been child. I've never backed down from a challenge.
We shall fight orc lady.
Because I feel like we're yes, yes, but I'm not interested in your goddamn opinions Joe Marcus. I think we're you know, we're all friends here.
Can we schedule this by it? You know, I have a lot of things to set up where the party and I mean, I do want to fight you if you want. I mean, I don't know what you're expecting but I'm happy to do it. But you know floor is so young and she needs to go playing get ready. Okay, I reach out and just try to snatch The Rubberband when flares not look.
It's like snatch it off it is it is stuck like you as you put your hand around it. You're like, how could how like how did this massive cat get the stuff on its neck? Ja maar. Hold the cat still that's okay. It's much bigger than me. But I'm I'm I'm up there trying to get the cat still my eyes are grounded fine. Okay, Joe Maria really put all your weight on the cat's back.
I'm trying to reach this. Rubberband. Goddamn.
You got a squirmy cat.
I was trying to pet her but the more I tried the more she likes it. The throat is closing up there. Are you to have a cat?
Oh, no. Oh no. Okay. Let's just do it the easy do the healing flower things that really yeah, I prefer violence. But if this is what's going to move this along, it's organic.
There are some side effects though. What so I've heard that our interns flowers have some side effects.
There's some side effects. What are the FX oh like she's one of the sides for a shortage of breath and like a little itching but it's it only happens. If you're prone to that makes you really sensitive to the sun.
Let me guess. Let me guess who has all these problems.
Have you have you have you given the cat the flower given the cat the flower? Yes. Yes. Okay, as soon as she takes it she just sort of phrases you see her cat people sort of dilate and she It's seriously itching at the rubber band. Maybe it maybe she'll pull it off herself. Okay, it's Joe my reach down and try to get the other guys. All right, I'm trying it's really it's about what I pull I pull on the rubber band. I try and slip it over the ears while you are slipping it over her ears.
She makes one of those who have any cat owner knows that sound. Usually run and make sure that your kitty is not on a carpet of some kind hair balls coming. It's gets about the heck. Am I here? Jobar? Hang on hang on Jomar. This might get messy.
It's okay, honey. Just let it out. I know, it's Joe my hang on tight with the combined effort of Joe Morton tugging and the Tabby Zone. Natural methods the Hairball and the rubber band. Come on look grab the hair ball. We need the hair Jo Margaret. I know it's gross just grab a little bit and put it in.
Can we just get it from? All right. No just grab the hair ball. It's right there in front of you. It will clean it later happily would give you not terrible hair.
No.
No, that's fine. We bothered you enough. I don't want to shave your Tabby and have like a weird bald spot when everybody's gonna be around for the pictures and everything. Yeah, Joe Mark and just carry some of the bomb. Around Joe Marshall carry attaching a comment around fine. You take as much as you want Omar you do what makes you happy.
This is not crispy. What makes me happy is singing a song what makes me happy is playing a harp to a alright so little bit geomar, we got stuff to do. I just want to thank you or clady you seem like someone like we're on a quest to try to save someone and you seem like someone who I think would really be appreciative that and into that and maybe has done that yourself from time to time.
I mean I have been known before, you know, I had all of my kitten but I've been known to help with questing every once in a while. You gotta go on a quest to try to help someone in need and that's what we're trying to do right now. And I you've done that as well. And it's I can sense your really Noble person.
Thank you. Thank you. I just love my cats and you know, they like people for some reason so I do what makes them happy so you get are we Planning a fight for you guys. I feel pretty chilled out. Yes. Yes. Okay. Well you wait you want to have a fight where we're good. We're good some saying if you want to have a fight me and loathe X can take on you and your cat no problem. But I'm I've actually become very respectful of you. I actually heard your reputation and I'm realizing more and more who you are and I don't want to fight you. You're a good person.
Oh, thanks. I will really badly. You know, I've heard your name before I know. Know who you are. I think your guys are great. And I if you need anything on your quest, you know, do you want to take one of my kids is with you, you know, they can get them to Tiny Places. You know, I have a hairless.
What do you have any hairless?
I Wella genic. I do I do.
Yeah, we'll bring a hair that will bring a hairless cat on the rest of our journey sure. It is the most adorable hairless cat you've ever seen justjust teeny tiny wrinkly adorable. Oh my God Lois tax. I've never seen a smile on your face that big. No, thanks. Oh, no low attack. She is very on her sober though that you putting your head down to the ground as if you want the hairless cat to sit on your head and ride around.
You know, well, I just started my journey can't imagine this is adorable yellow sex just love sex lean towards the natural light. We're trying to get a good pic here. Dude tilt tilt chin Abend, you know, you hear him growl in Bear take it from above. It's a better angle both decks everybody. I know you guys can understand. He wants a high angle shot. It's he likes that better.
I'm gonna put it on Instagram. Yeah, heck. Yeah. It's really brings up for us if he and his eyes and then like big lands on his tea. That is perfect. Take the picture. All right. Yeah everyone in law. Yeah both I would love sex. That looks great. You're gonna be super happy with that. Oh, well, I must prepare but make sure Anna is home is home by 8 by 9 because you know, she is still very young.
Got it. I wish you luck on your quest. Thank you so much. Thanks and you've I understand you've been on Heroes Journeys before so thank you for taking us upon hours.
Well, you know, I wouldn't call myself.
I hear I would have Journeys what's in your words not mine. It doesn't my business cards being takatak Tyrone your it seems like you're pointing East we want to get a blue screen Orchid next.
Yeah, I think that it may not have been that order on the list, right but single clip where that's the next stand where closest to Yeah, yeah. Okay. I did a survey of the of the Town Square and figured the most efficient route got it Tyrone.
Thank you as always for all your help. You're a wonderful organizer and a great asset in all of our lives and Joe might just try to keep up. Okay. I'm tired of hearing about your hacking and wheezing because there's cats around. Okay around a big hairball. All right, let's go find a blue screen orchid.
Wonderful. So at at the urgings of your friends you leave the bustling crowds behind and you take a long winding path behind the palace to a wide Meadow. You begin to hear the subtler sounds of nature a light Breeze rustling the prairie grasses the calls the songbirds and the cries of birds of prey far overhead and Children laughing as you come to the center of this metal you begin to see a dozen frolicking Senator children children with bodies of horses and the torsos and arms and heads of humans playing together through the grass and the gorgeous bright blue flowers that populate the field at the end of the path as you enter in the meadow a slightly older Center woman sits resting on a mound of grasses reading a book.
What you reading?
Good morning, sir, Glendon, how are you today?
Feeling? Okay. I was talked into going on an adventure. I thought it was going to be a lot of Mayhem and killing the mostly right now. It's grabbing items. How are you? I'm wonderful today.
I am here in the meadow with my grandchildren and the sun is shining and the birds are chirping and life is beautiful highest moment.
Don't you agree? These are your grandchildren? Yes. These are my grandchildren you seem so young children, you seem so young. No. Do you have grandchildren?
Yes, I am ancient.
I am a Centauri woman and I am ancient. No, you look like you couldn't be older than like 39 maybe 40 at this point tops.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you I much appreciate the compliment.
So listen, because we've met in person two or three times at this point. Yes. We have and your know well of you and your adventures. Yes, you have heard my story since jokes too many times at this point. They are all old to you. And I thank you for buying tickets. Every time I have perform them near your area.
We need to get all these blue orchids. I don't know how you feel about that. But it would really help us out on her Quest.
Yes. I would very much like to give you a blue orchid. However, my grandchildren are surrounded. Them right now and they're being a little unruly although they are wonderful grandchildren. I need you to help me put them to sleep.
Oh, wow of true adventure helping kid coaxing Childress is also wanted to ask my understanding is they're your grandchildren and maybe your son has sired them with someone who is at an age that might create. How is that all situation going?
Oh, you know, you know life is trotting on and Trying that's another story it is I like that were trotting on committing to the horse side of things here.
Okay, who do we I would like to think that I Glenda no foot. First of my name Keeper of the mighty loathe X of the hills and most apt to coach children to sleep great because because my grandchildren have a very certain method a falling to sleep and I need to tell you the rules for this going to be a bed. Time story what? Okay. What can I try my wife first? Can I try it my way first so I sent our children center Joe lay down and shut your eyes right now.
You must fall asleep or a self-slaughter you where you stand.
Why are you looking at me the kids stand up, you know, like very very tall, you know kind of like deer in headlights look around at each other. Why are they all just looking around? Okay, Grandma is laughing admittedly that children start laughing and go back to playing. Okay, I guess we'll try it your way. We're haps perhaps I'm acing a bedtime song Zhong. Okay, Joe Murr, I take out my Loot and and I begin playing a slow sorrowful sleepy drowsy song. I Don't Love the Way you say Luke by the way, it's my loot.
I think you are you try to play your flute like a flute.
It's kind of weird. Well, it's I learned it in part school. Okay, are you blowing into the flute is wait. What is a lute exactly is a lute not just like a small fluid taken sick and it was sort of you sure.
It's more like a guitar.
Oh, yeah, why wouldn't going on that weird mandolin looking think Chum. Are you idiot Joe my your city or blowing out of mendelian? That's not correct.
So are the kids asleep the night?
It's not like that's out Glendon.
Yeah, I would I would maybe like you to tell the children a very short story about how you met low tracks and the way that my children like to hear stories is that I usually start off the story and then another person will continue the the story for a bit and then the first person will jump back and continue on the story and so forth and so forth and I think it might be really amusing to my children if we start out the story and you and Jomar and Tyrone and your dragon Friend Ginger Ginger Ginger take turns in a very short Manner and telling the story of how you met.
Cracks of the hills. Can I start this?
Absolutely, it sounds like maybe we should all just go one sentence at a time. I would really children love this kind of story. Okay? Great. Okay, we are yes, and it will be very short. I promise wasn't it was a bear who lived in a mountain and he was all alone and sad and crying but one day he saw.
Continue and Incredibly good-looking and Powerful Warrior come over the hills. He was struck by this man's Majestic chiseled chin and perfectly toned body. This under children have started to gather round as they hear grandma and other people start to tell the story so that they've gathered towards you the bear could also tell a deep insecurity in this Warrior watch and then he did. He definitely needed a big a big scary bear to survive.
Can see more what more terrifying than he actually was.
Yeah watch until my Tyrone then so The Bear Went Over and knocked the big Warrior over just to sort of fuck with them.
But then it suddenly became a snuggling fight and they snuggled and hugged and suddenly a friendship arose and then the warrior stood to his two feet instead by I'm no sucker and I am not insecure.
I'm actually supremely confident and I never doubt it on the inside and if you would like to join me bear in my quest you seem like a mighty bear and I as a ranger can communicate with animals and you can see that I am both true of heart and very physically strong. In a way, that's just true. It's theirs. I don't need to prove anything to anybody.
I'm I'm good as you stand to show how strong you are that the center children's the bear had recently lost. If you know it was looking for a change of pace and I thought Ro why not go with this person who clearly is for some reason his pockets were full of meat and that was very attractive to the fair.
But the bear also felt like it wanted to reduce its meat consumption and was surprised to find out that the meat was actually lab-grown and but solid case of the same it was pretty into it.
So ready to make some Lifestyle Changes children's eyes are sort of starting to droop they're sort of getting getting comfortable as they can see story those Lifestyle Changes continued he became a vegetarian eventually became a climate activists alongside his partner in crime and then the mighty warrior stood atop a rock silhouetted by the sun his biceps and pectoral muscles bulging with their Mighty veins and he said bear I can tell that you are attracted to me and my lifestyle because I am an adventurer and a mighty warrior whose name is known far and wide and has nothing to Do with the fact that my pockets are stuffed with Beyond Burger.
And that was a wonderful story. I see that my children are now it's like my grandchildren.
Thank you very much.
Does this all does this mean we have your permission to tiptoe quietly passed your children to pick a blue screen or give you all right?
Yeah, but I have one last question for you before you leave.
Yes. Yes. That is okay. Yeah.
I hear that you and Joe Marcel the sin will be Parting ways after this journey and I want to make sure that you're still going to remain friends after you part ways. How will you keep in touch?
He it is Jus Jomar will soon depart in roughly one week's time for the land of angels for he has been hired by a more Mighty Adventurer than I add a Miss McKay asst director of that is impressive director of baker, man. Director of Anchorman Congratulations, Joe Murr. Yeah, thanks. See you soon. I can't pick this flower unless I promise to be friends with Jomar forever.
That is correct. I need to check in to make sure that you and Jo Marlowe still I was gonna kill Joe my before this was over.
I was my whole plan killjoy.
Yes soon as he delivered that hairball and I didn't need them. I don't want to catch disgusting cat vomit around soon as we got that are evolving and I was gonna have lothar we have low sex snuff them out for my amusement. Then I was a roasted on a spit as a gift to the princess. I think the princess look like that. I look I'ma have a human. I guess you really are you gonna have fun? So I'm like a tiny human, I guess instead. I'll just promise to be for getting can I can we meet in the middle. I promise you I will remember him fondly in my Memories Forever After he my bear kills him. There's all that work.
I supposed to thank you. Thank you. Yes. Yes. I love this. I love this. Yes. All right.
Thank you for visiting us Meadow.
True pleasure who amongst us do you think is the most gentle app to tiptoe past the sleeping sent her grandchildren without a waking them? I vote me. I think I am the most subtle and least disruptive amongst her party. I feel like it's an intern thing. Okay. Yes intern.
I'm sorry to tell you but I think it is ginger yet in turn.
Can you go grab a blues one of these were kids I got other stuff to do and yeah, I'm just going to take off my shoes. Yeah. Thank you smart smart. Thanks intact. This is the type of thing. I don't need to be worrying.
She tiptoes silently without Echo elmander sound great commitment fantastic story that the children are out cold use very easily managed to skirt past the group and took one of these bright blue flowers.
And may I just say before we part ways sent our grandmother that you are truly a delight. And meeting you in person was filled with so much joy and laughter and I wish you and your whole clan.
Well, thank you very much. It was good to see you glendan always and I hope to see you soon.
Me, too.
Goodbye, everyone.
Nice to see you Joe my have you seen the Mandalorian?
Yeah. No, we'll wait till it watch it. Watch it later. I don't watch it.
That's fine. Why not?
It's awesome. Right? It's great. Tyrone waves, like great was just like a great western that happened. Also incorporate Star Wars imagery Jomar you too good for Star Wars and I just haven't gotten this new place. Well, I got this new plus the other day, but I haven't and this is phantom menace an attack of the Clones already.
You did had to get through attack of the Clones that stuff.
You heard the whistle in The Phantom Menace song.
You told loved the whistle.
Wait what way so that's Joe Mars. All right.
Joanne from Phantom Menace such a dork surrendered.
Jobar. No I have hanging out with you. Okay. What are we gonna get next?
We're going for a giraffe's to sure. Oh, I've been looking forward to this one. I want yeah this sounds this sounds like a challenge worthy of Glendalough foot.
So as you loop back around the palace from Meadow you actually care very loud feedback coming wailing down the thoroughfare as you approach a massive Stage West of the Town Center. There's a giant Banner being hung over the area with the words one night. Only Jetta Ames featuring Joe more emblazoned across it the realm renowned celebrity singer-songwriter Jetta aim. Who is Seated on stage with her signature Loops across her lap and her head in her hands while a flurry of wizard sound text run across in a panic attempting to fix the magical PA system.
Glad I don't have to do that anymore.
Yeah Tyrone. I've seen you fix many of the a system last minute and our travels together. We have traveled to many occasions where we get to a sound board that is not as quality as promised and you have to deal with a grumpy. Soundman s you fix the situation.
Yeah, so fun.
Tell Mark you're involved in this somehow. Yeah, I'm opening here tonight. This is just is just kind of you gonna grab that loot from Jeddah and just blow on it with your mouth.
I wouldn't touch Jenna's loot Jedi. Why are you so sad? How did you get back here?
It's kind of a backstage pass. I'm performing tonight. Hey John, how you doing?
Yeah, you should check the security isn't great here though. They let one backstage pass get our whole crew back.
Yes, and I'm about to say a sentence. I prayed I would never have to say I'm with Jomar.
Well, I guess the 15 arm dragonborns outside are getting fired. Wow. Wow, the soundcheck as you may have heard went great. I don't know how this is happening. Maybe that's the sound Engineers here. Don't take much pride in their job because frankly I paid I played the Walmart stadium and ribbon Dale last. Wednesday and it went great really I am happy. I am happy to hear this Jedi because I know that your reputation for many years was you were a great singer who did not sing. So I'm happy to hear you are now currently singing.
Thanks so much. I'm glad that picked at my former nickname has given me by Adam is McKay has his old friend Marcus Woll Burgas. Thank you for the thank you for the deep cut reference. Only me Tic-Tac. I'm so glad that that Rivendell Walmart gig went. Well, thank you. Yeah, you know where we could get the tooth of a giraffe around here?
Why do you that's really weird? Actually?
Why do you need one? Well, we've been giving this whole list of things we have to get there's a princess in a coma we got to wake the princess up from the coma. I don't really know how all these things mixed together but so far we've gotten a blue orchid. We got in the hair from a talking cat. I've been told that the next item on our list is the tooth of a giraffe.
So I just figured I'd ask I mean, I don't mean to cramp your style know you got a lot going on seems like technical Mayhem and leading up to this gig and you got a lot to worry about but I figured I'd ask, okay.
Super weird I Actually what I always have with me for every performance is kind of a dress tooth. I don't know. I mean never really told anyone about it, but I have one like with me you just have it. I thought this was the part where I was gonna be able to meet some giraffe and have low tax chase away all the dress Defenders and then I'd be able to climb up the neck of the giraffe and the draft would be thrashing around trying to throw me about and I'd be able to Hang on with my mighty adventurous will usually have it with you and your pocket and frankly, I that sounds epic and I would have been brain and all entertaining and everything, but it's weird. Like I said, I'd literally sold know what I don't know. I just have it. Yeah, can I have it do you use the draft tooth for something or you just hold?
Is it like a charm?
That's what it is. You know, it's the Lucky giraffes, too. I have it. I'm James and it's my lucky dress too. I don't know what if you give me the tooth and the exchange I trade you Jomar you can just keep Jomar. I don't know.
I have to give us the stuff you're here.
Yeah, you gotta give us that cat hair Jomar the in turn can hold that I'll give you Jomar in exchange for a giraffe to he'll do whatever you want. That's not I'm a person. No, you're not Brandon get you're sitting there going to take my A giraffe's tooth in exchange. I get my opener to keep just keep your opener. I'll carry your bags. He'll make sure when you because I tell you I've been an opener for my Casper big list and it's he'll keep you company. He'll help you work on your material.
It'll go on Yelp and look up the best coffee shops and restaurants in the area a lot of things that nope iners good for as you I'm kind of a dick myself, but like okay, okay. Okay. So what do I gotta do what I gotta do to get this draft to because I'm not I know your celebrity, but I could also just kill you with the bear if I felt like it.
Well frankly that be really rude and it's Glendon, Glendale.
When I'm getting it back, right you just going to keep it in run. I'm getting it back. Can you return it to me? Yeah, sure destroyed during the the potion maker Jomar. Why would you say that? I knew that you just lion say we lost it or something or so we gave it to some kid who needed it. I thought you were misinformed Jomar.
Great. I'm so low that X. Can you pick up Joe Martin hold him in your mouth and I'll kill him but just like shake them a little bit. So he's scared because you getting a little too big for his britches.
Heating is not just gonna kind of shrug with you know, the hairless kitten on his shoulders and just sort of half-heartedly like like jobs on too. The side of him and Shake him around a little bit.
This sucks.
I gotta say low taxes awfully chilled out now that he has a hairless cat friend. Anyway. All right. Okay back to the draft is let's focus on where you going. How far away from here?
Seems like we're just kind of kind of like wander around in a circle around this very Town.
That's far. I think I see you. I feel like I see one of the brine bards over there that one of the brine bugs the brine Bart's I thought you guys were going to be in the castle late and we what is that what you know, he's telling me this singer who's not the singer who's not singing is meeting the brine bards.
This is a stunning crossover of Bunch what's up? How are you Tina? And that's fine. Yes temperatures that can tell you the terrible. How are you? Oh my God, are there two of you three of you with immediate chaos, take a breath chill out.
Don't talk so fast. We've talked about the pickle deal, but Todd they're here now you're looking for but there's only two of the brine Barb so we'll have to go back and get the pickle deal when we can get all three of them together.
Okay. Thank you. It will take you back to the bride.
We need the draft tooth for we have a gun in the goddamn drafted you prime Bart's Prime Arts. I've met you before how many times do I have to tell you guys slow down?
So my recommendation is the brine bards go back to their stall where they work while we finish up here. With the what are we getting now a draft draft to thank I wrote it sounds to me.
Like maybe we're unlocking you're asking them behind bars if they could stay on the line a few minutes longer.
No, basically I was just I was just saying I wanted to see how many of them were around it.
So you needed to check in on them. And since we're already on the line, you just have to patch him through to see if they were all here. You got it. Okay.
All right, pickle some meal will be right with you. Let us get the strap students first.
Nice to meet you. Yeah, it was a good guys. Right cool. Yes, and I know right.
So this dress tooth Let's Get Serious here. It's your good luck charm. I'd love to bring it back to you. But we gotta get this potion going. We gotta wake up the princess don't tell anybody. She's in a coma would freak everybody out but look trying to do and honestly this whole celebrate here's the thing. Here's the thing you're here to sing and tributes his but if they if the princess doesn't come out of the coma nobody singing and I can't see another situation where you are singer doesn't sing. You don't want that either. Maybe you need to give away the giraffes tooth so you can summon what's inside And realize that much like Dumbo and his feather you don't need that giraffes do to sing.
That was pretty good. Come on. That's pretty much break as a highly emotional moment Disney plus time.
There was a quietly emotional.
Yes. This entire episode is sponsored by Disney plus $12. 99 a month. You get it with Hulu and ESPN. Okay. I really think that's pretty good quiet moment of quiet emotion where we had it's pretty pretty good point.
I'll give you it for the rest of the day. You got it back to me. Tonight OK we shall return your drafts tooth. Yes, I promise and if we shall not have a sacrifice Jomar in your honor.
Yes, you also sing a duet with him while he opens me and Joe more singing in public together. Yes police let our voices will well pretty good together fine. Have to do then I will.
Okay. What song do you want them to sing? I'm just going to put that in my vent writing the theme song from Nickelodeon's Victorious but never in my life.
Okay our intern as our young intern our young intern of a different generation as heard it maybe Doug or something.
I don't have come.
Oh, yeah Rugrats and no rugger. I notice is that doesn't have words styles. Do do do do do.
Kat what I'm so old we'll figure out a song later but I think we should move on the joy of anyone who may be listening to the legend of this Quest my sweet. Nice to meet you my freaky later my sweetheart my sweet singer friend. I hope we see you soon and we have followed we have conversations. We shall have shortly in the future.
I promise you and yeah, yes. Okay, so you got the DraStic, but we gotta sing a song together. All right. We'll figure out a song we both know later Jomar fun. What are we fighting? Net? Are we going to the see those Brian Bros or holding off?
I think Ryan bards. Yeah.
Okay. Oh, yeah the brine Barts.
So did I forget where the warehouse? Where do we where do we go to find the blind box?
I think they're in the cat in the span of the Jomar. This is not your job the palace let the DM do her job Jomar goddamn micromanager. Okay, okay.
Boutique Artisan shops with the largest of them at the center of the row as U approaches middle building you see over the top is a huge beautifully carved sign with the words brine bards at stuff into it peeking through the front window display you spot for four identical female goblins. I think it's running around in a panic. What is it for now? Okay four identical. Female Goblin running around in a panic with various Barrels in jars in her arms.
Hello. So you can head on it don't know what up.
Now Brian bars when last piece pickled when last we spoke there were three of you but I have caught word on the internet that you have befriended the bad luck Johnny in real. Life is this true? Yeah we have but that's not our fourth member. That's not your fourth member a tradition for you. He got fourth member.
Is he one of the road to hide yourself?
I haven't talked to you in a while. This guy's actually my best friend if I'm recognizing that accent.
I think so.
Yes. It was actually from Kauai Bongo.
What did you guys link up that road? Did you know about this fight for this is Breaking All the Rules. The event is every now you guys are sorry.
I left you on the first place.
We don't let you know you guys are based in the City of Angels where Joe Mars moving is every call her from the City of Angels. Just fucking hanging out now.
Oh good. Gosh. Good God. This is nuts. Hang out these China Network.
Come through we got invites your energy remains exactly the same as last time.
It's a calling card. It's exactly what you can expect every single time. Now is that one Brian Bard who actually lives in Detroit still involved right now? Yo yo yo, yo, You are the calm. Chill one. You're like no, you're just opting into their thing.
But notice none of you are drinking Mead. It seems like you're drinking another carbonated beverage.
I don't drink. I don't know. I'm not a part of this it seems like whacked out on me. Hey, yo seems like you're all chucking fait comme une Miss is one of you drinking Cafe go rock and roll part of the realm. Yep.
You're doing great. I don't know what you're talking about.
Now are the rumors true that my pickles are what now are the rumors true that in a few months. You may be traveling to my corner of the realm to give out pickle samples to people are these rumors true? There's word on it looking pretty spend. That is all.
My Australian friend, are you still wearing that cool jacket that I once saw on skype. That jacket was awesome.
It's a pretty silk jacket.
Yes.
I'm still wearing it that way all the time.
That's awesome. And have you been reading this new run on Ax Men? Have you read all this stuff X-Men? It's fantastic. I haven't read the new exponent but you guys talking about Mandalorian early and that shit was absolutely Wild Man. Larry was awesome. Also, they just gave the X-Men God. Everybody likes The Phantom Menace in this realm.
Jomar it's not good. It's good. It's actually good. Who's your favorite character Jomar in Phantom Menace? Don't say it. No, it's Palpatine. Oh, it's I thought you going to say Jar Jar Binks. You're the Jar Jar Binks. Can we all agree the Joe Morris the jar jar of this adventure like that?
Thing you said to Joe Marl. Did someone just yelled out? You have pickled jar jar jar jar is not bad.
It really screws up in Attack of the Clones.
You guys have murdered Jar Jar Binks and pickled him.
You just said it one of you just said it. I'm okay.
I don't know what your knees because you're all yelling all the time. My answer to water and we happen to got the extra Jar Jar's in charge them in Brian's to pickle Jar Jar Binks that jars of Darth Jar Jar Jar Jar Binks has all right.
Well, we got to get the words.
Also. Sorry that I also want to apologize that in my Statement and adrenaline and I just so glibly Shout at the word murder. I do apologize for that. That's not the coolest thing I've ever done.
Yes. That's my bad. My bad. My bad legitimately. You don't want to fight me dog. You know what I got a beer. Do I have to kill all the bright Rose? Are you really gonna take my pickle? You can't do it by the fuck.
I don't know which ones to pick a fight. It's a fight time. I'm taking on the Bryan brothers. No. Thanks. You got my back.
I take out my broadsword. I take out my know I take out my bow. I take out my bow and I'm sick. All you Brian bottles you talk over each other all the time. You gotta calm down Australian guy. You're cool. I'm not gonna I'm not gonna shoot the arrow at you. You're cool. I think you probably have a lot in common, but these Brian Bros are threatening me and one of them said me at Notre Dame University and it's probably time for me to get my revenge. Okay.
You don't get to say.
The hills has this head stuck in the barrel glandon is swinging at one of the Rhine bars. Which which which one doesn't matter Anya.
Everyone is just like sitting breathless on the floor a monk the just refuse and destruction of the pride parts shop.
Imagine having to deal with this in front of a sold-out crowd in Detroit Michigan and you imagine trying to have this conversation in front of like I think you you topped your glassing your glasses throws. Like that was like the most she's ever had is what I hear. So yeah. No, I'm gonna go ahead and say to you through my glasses justify and one of these Brian Bros helped me that time and now he has abandoned me to the wolves.
I shall drink some of your pickle juice to My electrolytes, thank you so much for the reminder that in turn I would like a snack policy.
That's not a snack.
Oh and no caloric value.
I'm all toys help to I did Tex Mex Tex Mex is John ra of food Tex-Mex flavored chips. That sounds off. I'm gonna wash down Tex Mex chips with moon Mist Faygo.
That sounds awful.
Yeah, baby. Oh God. There you go, baby. Oh God, y'all every Tech foot what y'all ever eat pickled okra foot. You've named a product after me. I mean, it's coming soon.
Are you really trying to fight me again? Are you really trying to fight me again?
Get the picture send my hairless cat to attack Tanya the hairless cat. I'm sending the hairless cat in attack me with me.
I'd say no cats like Tanya. I already said that I called it in the standoff Glendon you spot upon the floor. He's enslaving you watching me and because they have to pickle a Another eel, so we have to wait for that. We broke all the so can we come back to the fight later and go get our next thing? Okay, it sounds Tyrone like you're saying that there's another adventure ready to meet us and that we all are clear that the brine bars are never going to let us move on unless you stepped in.
Okay, it was just a suggestion and I want to thank the Australian brand barred for being thank you so much. Chill. I'm glad you like the Mandalorian to you. I thought start to finish. It was pretty great. I don't want to give any spoilers. You can spaghetti western. Now a lot of these people are saying the ending was too much fan service, but I loved it. I don't want to spoil it. What do you think Hmm.
I heard John hasn't seen it yet.
That's fine. Okay. Okay. I thought it was.
The last few seconds before we saw what was in the Pod.
I thought that was a that was a great ending.
Yeah me too unexpected.
Now Australian best friend. I will be throwing a Glendon Oak foot convention soon. I don't know if you've heard about this, but we will be screening the film contact us part of it. Fantastic. Yeah.
Oh God Tyrone. Who do we have to go on to Tyrone? I think we have time love you, too. We're gonna come back to you pickle Anil God damn it. Well, see you.
Oh God. Okay, he's great. We gotta get the penguins. Are we are we finding the Petrified toads?
I know live.
Yeah Pat on stage Patrick - right Toad's I almost 200 people there. I got to deal with that.
I knew more dr. Pepper, okay.
There we go. So you actually track it.
Are you like so tired right now? Can you imagine me and then I had to do an hour of so I had to deal with them for an hour. And then I did I did the stand up after that. Right? And then I had to do an hour of stand up after that you are you are amazing artists ever worked in my life. It's the hardest I've ever worked in my life.
Okay, we gotta get the petrified. Jai now, we're almost at the end.
Yeah, so we have to go back and get the feel. I guess.
I'm just gonna talk to you Australian guy. Listen, can we all agree when we go back there? We just deal with the Australian guy. In fact, okay Jomar. Yeah, I'll go distract the bribe Rose. All right get back and you just quietly off to the side talk to the Australian guy get the pickle deal before everything hits the fan again. Yeah. I just hope I don't get murdered before that. Okay.
Bye my friend. Yeah, and if you do the internal topped the Australian guy, it's fine. You're moving on. You're the one leaving me Jomar.
Let's get this we can talk about this Alpha. I'm not I love the outside of the quest possible. I think he's they said they were all in the same room. Okay gotta think they're actually physically hanging out. I think all the LA callers now just hang out with each other's something right there. I work on our way over here. So I wouldn't get back in character. Okay, I'm listening to you have I'm listening it you're a saint for putting up with this.
No all good. I am mentally enjoying myself you come on and elaborately painted wooden karcz with the words Percival peppermint purveyor of the realm finest puppet written across in an intricate calligraphy. Just lay it across the wide Belly of the cart are a beautiful assortment of incredibly realistic hand puppets and marionettes A well-dressed individual is currently sitting next to the cart on a short stool furiously attempting to untangle the strings of a marionette that looks strikingly like the princess.
Now you said puppets and you said that this is person has crafted the puppets with a high degree of skill. Indeed. Okay, I want everybody to be quiet because you got to hear this guy's laugh and I think if we're all just quiet he's gonna feel kind of awkward about it and then he'll start nervously laughing. So everybody let's just be quiet for a moment you there?
I need some help.
Can you help me here now? We're just gonna sit here until this gets offered enough for you. Laughs they just walked by stare at you and I understand it who I'm coming to get you you can resist it. All he want we gotta we gotta hear it. I'll tell you what, uh-huh I can use some help.
I'll pay you for your trouble.
Okay, I'm listening.
You know, I travel very often and every every time I travel my security guard he gets taken away and we'll run the way.
I don't know anymore.
You know, they are my finest creation. I love I love my security guards, but when I put a mile and I are just not there in the morning.
Okay, so your security guards at these are these are security guard puppets they run away.
Yeah could just run away.
Okay, but you know, that's that's here and there I can't think about it anymore.
I the coronation tonight.
I got I got to perform for the princess. I'm trying to fix this puppet. I just need to feel a little better if you can help me with that.
Oh, you need to be cheered up. Yeah. Oh, so you're saying for you to give us a petrified dogs? I we need to bring laughter to your life. We need a petrified toads. I have heard you might have one.
How do you know I have a Quantified told that I guess just you know, I've listened to the exposition.
I got a list the last thing on the list, so I'm through the powers of deduction my grandfather.
The puppet of the land he said now, you know, these are the best Puppeteer ever come across I can give you half a petrified totally realistic looking eyes very, you know, what too realistic you seem like you seem like a good group of that. I'll give you a hope.
And is it true you and my understanding because I've heard that you actually traveled here all the way from The Uncanny Valley. Is that true True.
Let's not speak on that little Tyrone is requesting.
No speakerphone. It's giving us some some feedback. Yes Tyrone. It's so much clearer. Okay. Okay, I got this one Shell mart. Okay. Okay. I was gonna suggest like play like a fun like shanty song. No, it's the last egg. Lastingly. No, I'm making that making piano. Oh, yeah. It's an audience where okay you making piano fingers? Yeah. People can't hear okay.
now my Puppeteer friend, I don't know if you've heard this but back in my small modest Hut where I live because I am a warrior who doesn't need much I recently Me and my fair Maiden gave birth to my Offspring all congratulations.
Thanks.
So one thing I've have kids around. Yeah, it's good. So listen to this. So I'm laying on my back one day and I'm holding my son and I'm like lift him up and down. We got a whole system. I go one two, three, and I throw them up he grins. He laughs. He loves it every time and one time. I'm holding them up there and he's grinning and then all of a sudden he looks like a little Thank you for hello off and I'm like hey, what's going on buddy? And as I say the word buddy, he vomits into my eyes and when I say into my eyes, I mean it got in there.
So I start yelling to my fair Maiden. I'm like Halle Halle. I need help. She goes what's going on?
Okay, you can see she's you know, she thinks something's really wrong. But I'm still holding the kid up because I can't see so I don't know where to place them down because I'm like, I don't want to place them on the edge of some sharp toy or something. So I'm just holding him about me. I got actual vomit in my eyes and Hallie runs in and she goes what's going on and I'm a he threw up in my eyes. I need help and I hear her like run out of the room again, and then I hear a run back in.
And she's just standing there and I'm like, what's where's the towel like take the baby and she goes shut up and she goes she goes shut up. Stop moving. I'm trying to take a picture.
Oh I missed you so much. I missed you so much threw up in my eyes. Let me reiterate. Why don't you get it? What's the wait? What's that? But why for you the best she did she got it. Great picture of it. I have a picture of me shirtless with vomit all over my face and my eyes and then of course, I put it on Instagram and I have to take it down immediately because people start going it looks like a cum shot bro. I'm like, this is everything about my family. I'm out of here man. This is all getting taken down can't put anything about my son on the internet that's wild little wild thing to say to a human being.
Come back around or next time you find me in a town.
Don't be shy come up to me, right you seem like great people in the mystical land of South this Floridians.
If I remember correctly. Yes. Now, what are the chances that you might be passing through New York sometime soon. Well from the 20th to the end of the year of the tonsil hockey.
That's a land of the talkies, Pennsylvania with the talkies.
Yes.
If you are that is that we me for the rest of the year now, though. If you're free in May and you want to come to New York, I would love to have a booth that by convention where it's just make the Puppet Master laughs but we can talk about that some other time. Yeah, just a series of people who have listened to how do you feel about a series of hundreds of people who have listened you coming up and trying to make you laugh so they can just giggle as you Ooh, laughs how awkward how quickly will that become the most awkward day of your life.
I mean, it won't be a first time so it's not like I won't be used to see that it would kind of be this another day.
But this time in New York, which I've never been.
All right. Well, yeah, we gotta try to me. Well, I'm gonna coordinate I'm gonna will coordinate with you guys off there because the hokey I could do this all day with you man.
It's like once a year I get to hear this laugh and it rejuvenates me and gives me hope in the world again.
You could have you told I would be very careful with this instrument yet doesn't mean things and now Ginger Berg the dragon bird based on your reaction. I feel like that may have been the first time you ever heard. Heard this fine puppeteers laughs true or false.
It's true. You looked shocked.
I was shocked and pleasantly surprised fair.
You have pleasantly surprised are even-keeled intern. Thank you for that Puppeteer.
I made it once when I was a child.
Well the spoke at our means of Enchantment to my life.
It would make it the worst in the world, but what I've come to find out This brings happiness to everybody around the best leftover.
So beautiful absolute best half.
Oh my God, credible incredible. Okay, so get to talk to you get my friend to kinda go back and deal with those guys and get that goddamn it. Oh God this exhausting human beings the brine Bros.
I bet you're going on good spirits though. Did you hear where you on the line listening to that bullshit before? Yes, don't you just tired just listening to it.
I mean, I have a big puppy here.
You can use he's alive.
He's a big Soldier man big sword.
Yes.
Yes, and just to be clear when we got you've given us the Petrified toads. I really got that to my children.
You cheated me of so much happiness of five coordination.
So I want to gift you with my with my one of my best creation.
He's a night here dust mite. Yes.
Yes, let's bring this night puppet back and fuck these Brian Rose. Um, it really a death knight. Definitely. We got it back there. Just a puppet master. Do you hear how happy you just made the DM? Do you hear how happy you just made the DM? Peace out? Everybody else's magic is very strong. He won't last very long unless you have an Eldridge was a nearby but he said laughing so he's just like a amazing quick burst of fighting and then he falls apart.
Yeah, and I said and I'll be there to pick him up later.
Don't worry about it. Now public have you played D&D because that was incredible. There's an incredible. You have that's good. That's good. So you yeah DM have U DM have you heard I death night before Oh, yes. I've encountered a destination in my adventure is a cool thing for us to have it's a very cool. So, you know, yes, I'm I'm currently away from my lunch time being be group and the excuse you amazing amazing amazing crossover of world this Not have gone better.
Oh God.
We gotta go. We got the deadly right? That's nice. Right? Yes.
We got a death knight. I'm gonna fuck these Brian Posehn and I know they're on the line listing stuff. So brace yourself motherfuckers. I'm on my way back. My hairless cat my death night. I heard you fucking shit about us with an angry goose. And oh, are you kill me?
You're cool. I'm just gonna suggest just take a few steps back because I don't want you to be a part of what's about to happen because I've always felt a real fondness. I dropped very fast very fast. What is this? Why am I who I am.
I was a hostage.
Yeah fucking guy. I don't care about him what anywhere near me you fucking sellout you got no loyalty.
Jomar stand back and be Mia I just hate watching guys. Yeah, that's right that I know who that is. That's the guy who was on stage you're officially becoming ashamed of how this has gone.
Trying to get a hashtag going.
Where are you going get rid of them. What is happening? This is what happens when murder-hobos meet murder-hobos. I'm just throwing it out there. Hey, I got a death knight the help. Well, you still on the line. I got death tonight.
You got a death knight. I got a hairless cat. The hairless cat is a surprisingly good fighter. I got low sex. It's of the hills. Give me the pickle deal before I have to do something. You'll regret. Oh, I think we'd be willing to give up if maybe you were willing to Freestyle about pickles for us. What's that?
Sounds fair? Yeah, I don't be acceptable.
That's why is everyone so bad idea got a freestyle.
That's fine, but that I never once have been mad at you until now.
The free style rap.
Okay these dudes from Detroit. They think they like to brine but really all they like to do is yell and wine.
I've got a death knight so I'm ready for the fight. And if you think I'm gonna do it wrong, I'm gonna do it right I got this. Julian and I think he might be mad at us but I'm his fucking weird as a duckbill platypus.
Okay? Okay, you just a bunch of wallabies. You're just a bunch of wannabes. I was trying to run wannabes wallabies. I messed it up.
It would have been great.
I'm pretty proud of that Top Gun platypus line though. I admit that you were impressed with that one.
I'm gonna give you a moment to finally contribute take out your loot. I need you to take out your loot. Okay and play a song so peaceful and gentle that these bras chill the fuck out and take out my golden lute with strings as fine as Angels hair and slowly blow on it as I pick the string.
A beautiful Melody good you who did you do to that adaptive two things sounds like it's gonna catch whole person because that's a thing it can do all of the breitbart's but there they are they all just whistling at the same time right now.
What is this?
Puppet master. I keep forgetting you're still on the line. Does anybody else keep forgetting that puppet message still here?
I'm pretty sure I'm pretty sure we also just ran back into some other folks from earlier today who still on the line.
The Australian I think the center and Jetta are back grandma and singer can't sing. You're still here all these people in my shop.
I was very excited to hear everybody likes rap skills to bring your rap career back.
Everyone knows I used to be a legendary rapper Grandma. Can you imagine trying to have to Wrangle these dudes?
Very much.
I will give you all hugs. Yeah, my grandma maybe Grandma will hug you and your give me the pickle D Grandma who is easy out who is who is easier to deal with these guys on any given day or your grandchildren during the middle of their worst Tantrums my grandchildren for sure.
Tyrone is just making a call that you have given us the deal and we are moving straight up unleash the death and kill these dudes. We have to just move on me the death knight to Bear the ark. My Center friend the singer can't sing and the puppet master. We all team up in this fight against you every single one.
I don't know how I don't know who we are.
I hate to say it. But Tyrone we gotta hang up on these Pros.
His last words were just give me a chance.
Glasses for a second time.
I've thrown him at least three times. Oh my God. Oh my God.
Yeah, what is happening now now to go break some glass.
Okay. You gotta say goodbye later. Later.
That is the later.
Okay. Okay, who was that sent her grandma?
Oh this okay every so the singer the grandma you guys are both saying goodbye or no?
No, I was saying bye to the puppet.
Oh you were just say, okay got it. Got it. First good God because you're a human being. Who heard that chaos and just took a step back?
And we go help wake up the princess and we should also hey singer. Have you been singing at all or no? Where are we at with that? Yes, I have awesome at this convention.
All right. We'll talk about it Grandma. You coming to the convention?
Heck. Yes.
Look. This is gonna be the best. It's gonna be like, I can't wait. It's going to be like people who read comic books in the heroes come to life and they can hang out with them in Brooklyn. It's gonna be amazing. Okay? Okay, let's focus back up with hair. We gotta go break glass or something. And are we are we breaking glass jar if it's going to happen it's going to because it's going to be Jomar and gland and that make it happen. We have to sing because oh we couldn't get the opera singer on the line if that's what's happening.
That's fair. That's fair people out of those novelty cocktail goblets carts, and you find one of those those glass Goblin and yeah, it needs to be sonically shattered. Omar this is time for our duet. What songs do we both know? I have an idea. Uh-huh. It's a song that opens one of the best. Oh, wow. Yeah Radio podcast pot. You know, you know, what's the word for it there?
I wrote are you gonna do Barenaked Ladies One Week? Yeah.
That's what I meant. Wait, which is one of my favorites.
We just have to say that it's all right. This is a song that I actually know by heart and have for many years. Yeah, I opened up the lyrics for you. I know the I know the part of this just know the one we should I sing the whole song. Yeah, I'll join in underwear. I know this is the song Face to Face by The Mighty Band Shell shag, who will be performing at a convention in May if any Mighty Adventures want to come it's already booked baby. All right ready? Mmm chocolate I'd rather go one-on-one.
I think it'll be more fun and I'll get to know you and you'll get to know me we'll go walking. We'll get to talk in the sun will be glistening. You'll know. I'm listening when I hear you say face to face easy face to face. But his fourth root beer floats take a ride on a Banana Boat admire the sunset return the fish that we catch you teach me the ocean and I'll teach you to love again. We'll sail away together two birds of a feather and hey are you say is the face-to-face will raise a family. Third verse memories and grow old together what could be better?
We'll keep playing sugars from a problem Chris go and what good be better to grow old together and hear you say face-to-face easy. Kiss me face-to-face.
What a good song man. That's a good sign. Those guys wrote a couple classes. Classics man that resilient bastard got shags good. I haven't done a good enough job encouraging people to download Shell Shack. Anyway, we shattered the glass clay. I glandon Oak for the first of my name. We've accomplished our goal you have you have indeed. So now we got a gern so wait now are you telling me we gotta go Sprint over to the princess and it's our wacky. Yes crew of a party planner of barred a jacket and turn me a hairless cat a bear.
I have said to her and a pop star. Yep. Awesome strolling in like five deep is great. The the Royal Physician is sitting there with a giant cauldron sort of looks up from their glasses. Oh, hello the rest here to help. Yeah. These are more Mighty Adventures. We met along the way. Oh mama came to give the princess a hug all Noble Souls all Noble Souls with their own stories to share reminding the world that we are all connected be we centers singers puppeteers that we all are humans.
And therefore we are all part of the same Clan and also some of us are like halflings and stuff too and dragon. Oh, yeah, either way the point stance I know well I'll miss that needs to be ground up. So put some of you on grinding crew and the rest of you just gather round. We need a big store in here so that you to work you do have to grind up giraffes, too.
All right, Tom.
Are you doing this? Oh, yeah. Also, can you get that vomit out of your pocket? Sure that cat vomit no Harry vomit disgusting. Maybe you want to put it in your eyes. Oh, yeah. That's why is that very lazily delivered call a long journey.
They have you throw it all in give it a good stir and the Royal Physician sort of does a does a quick little spell over the whole thing and poop some of it out of The Cauldron bottles it up. All right. It's going to need a good shake and you don't do the office.
You got you got to feed it to the princess. Oh, yeah, let's go ahead and put a drop of this potion. Feed it to the princess cool. Oh, yeah. She's sort of laid up behind the throne. That's sort of out of sight didn't want to scare anybody. But yeah, she she looks like she's asleep.
It didn't work. Did you feed it to her? Oh, yeah, she did it to her. Yeah.
Cool.
Hi. Hi, this is ginger Berg Jomar Tyrone. Centaur Grandma Hi Jetta, the pop star hairless cat we found along the way and I know you both acts of the hills. I'm sure his reputation precedes him. Yes. No, I know all about the bear. I'm yeah and then I'll try what's happened to you guys the Royal Physician pipes and they well they saved your life.
Oh, wow.
You didn't have to do that. That's That's very kind of you. I was promised money.
I've got I've got money is that say I want that for you did this? Yep?
This is that would be like I'll take care of are made with him, but I'm happily married. I got a kid like what are we gonna do? I have a wife don't worry about it. But no really that that why you did this? Yeah. So you're being crowned today like can have you in a coma it would be weird. I think you're a bit more softer than you let on Glenda know foot. Okay, I guess also when I see people suffering in the world it breaks my heart. I wanted figure out ways to push back. Sit, yeah, that's what I was looking for. All right, fine. Well, yeah, I got money and y'all want to like like knighthoods and stuff that that's a thing we can do that.
Sure. Yeah. Sorry. Great. Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean I'm kind of sort of generally against the monarchy and stuff but it's cool to know that they'll be two queens. Oh, yeah.
No totally. She's great. She's around here somewhere. Anyway, I guess and I have a royal robe.
Because you know, I'm a centaur.
Yeah, I've got like a ton get what color you want.
Well, I think I need some clothes for your coronation day. I think maybe we can I say.
Kneel down princess if I'm a princess if I'm yeah. May I interject? Sure. If I'm being honest, I'm very selfish throughout this journey, and I don't deserve a Knighthood and I'm glad everyone's getting their just rewards sent towards getting their robe. Our singer will be allowed to sing. Tyrone will execute the party and the internship maybe someday get pumped up to him in a hard time in play. But if I'm being honest, there's only one shoe night Among Us at this point. I walk over and I kneel before my small friend for a few years now, you've worked with me on my Adventures while I have never been quite certain of your actual job duties and well aware that you have enriched my Adventures you have added to this show you have you have made life easy for me so that all I have to do is walk in and do my adventures and I cannot say how much I owe you and how much all the adventures.
All the people who follow our adventures should be aware that we will miss you when you head to your new your new adventures, and I hope you know, you will. Oh no matter how long this show lasts. I hope, you know, you will always be a part of things and you are the true night Among Us Jomar.
Thanks. Thanks everyone, I guess.
Night time for me to go I should get on with it. I just hung I turn around and I just I walk out towards the City of Angels. I got to I take I take out my broadsword I chop off his head. I think of my brother and she walks away a chopper and I told her look sexy this body this body.
Who is that did you pass the prime goes back on the line?
Cut them off. I can't believe you stayed on the liar and I cut off decorative jumpers headed other parodies body until it buried his body and I take us dumb little Loot and I smashed against the wall. I said you worthless Jomar you always - Jomar you abandoned you want to abandon me jumper after everything I've done for you let Is be your final reputation bear food Barefoot and then I pick up the pieces that are left in me and I say Brian Burrows you want to pickle this guy use your multiple pickling techniques both both Western and from the old lands pickle his body pickle is body hanging his head in the Town Square the traitor what we're not gonna kill an innocent.
What do you what kind of people do you think we are I already My name is Glen relax you guys I had I had the perfect ending you guys gotta come in and undercut it is that we're pickling us how perfect would it have been if I had this sentimental moment and he walks away. Then I chop off his head and ends and then you guys could come and start shouting again.
Please did it?
Yes. See it man. It's over over Bros. It's over. What's the wish what's the quickest? What the one which is that?
Can I just can I kiss you?
No. No, it's too much group KISS. This is what you get kicked out of my shows. This is why you get kicked up my shows. You push a little too hard a little too far. Okay. I'll hug. How about a hug too much? Much man. It's over. How about a fist bump heads Pump Air?
All right. See ya. See everybody in mayo. Oh God. I'm tired. Yeah, chili chop off Chalmers head like call him a traitor and you know what at the end like at the end of the movie. We don't know whether that's like an in your head thing or is that actually have? No it's really really ambiguous. It'll be great. Okay. Okay. Yeah, I'll be the da.
Who knows maybe we'll have a sequel someday where the ghost of Jomar Comes The Hot Head.
I am exhausted. I can't imagine how you feel DM you all right? Oh, great.
All right, I got to thank everybody who's both on the line and who has hung up that was wild and fun. I think people are going to love it. And I thank you for being part of it. Did you enjoy yourself? I really did but I feel like what dealing with those kids. I feel like it's like I feel don't you guys feel like it's like walking into a preschool where the teacher is left for the day and just left a big pile of Pixy Stix in her stead.
Well, I guess that vine. Oh God your take a nap. Take a power. I'm glad you enjoyed yourself. Yes, some of the greatest joy is this like like jamming DME a game is very much like Gift to friends. So now I always say d mu that is a GM now have we moved on to GM gay I wanna win this is in no way D&D for any of the trolls out there. Yes. No, we're not actually playing D&D. It's not actually being it was an improv experience fantasy-based. It was fun. Well listen as always on this show many many episodes over. I let people Define themselves you let me know DM GM and yeah, everybody's lifestyle always try to show respect.
And I appreciate it.
However you however you beautiful.
But thank you all if you're starting a line Thank every I thank everybody. That was a joy and thank you of in real life. Thank you. Harry Nelson for everything and the hero thank Jerry O'Connell. That was an amazing level of organization Harry. Did you help at all with that? It was my idea Jared just made it all happen. It will.
Are you executed it?
Yeah, you go to La.
All right. Thank you everybody.
I have to thank so many people involved in that. First of all, all of you guys who have been downloading and listening to the beautiful follow-ups. Thank you, and I'm hoping you enjoyed them as much as I did and in this episode in particular our GM put in a ton of work designing that whole Quest just that that's not a small amount of hours that you have to put in to make that happen.
Of course. I want to thank all of the past callers who returned for their cameos it was wild those Them pickup Bros to pipe down a little bit slow down as always and of course, I have to thank Jared and Harry once again for all of their hard work setting this up and Jordan Allen who does has been helping the show so much and does a ton of research for the follow-ups. Thank you everybody for listening and I hope we get to come back and do some more of these next year.
That was exhausting.
This caller found out later in life that her dad isnt her biological father. The story involves Gethard in a way you would never expect. This episode is brought to you by Youre Not Listening, Talkspace (www.talkspace.com code: BEAUTIFUL), and Ritual (www.ritual.com/stories).
READ LESS
Hello to everybody who I know personally. It's beautiful and out of this 1 hour when phone call no name. No holds barred.
I'd rather know.
Chris gethard here. Welcome to a very intense and unusual episode beautiful Anonymous before I explain more about that. Just want to remind hey, if you are in the Bay area of California run away with doing a live tapings part of San Fran sketchfest that's on January 25th. So doing a tribute to the Chris gethard show January 24th, that should be fun being a bunch of my friends showing clips and doing a Q&A and reminiscing about the old time. So, I'd love to see I one or both of those shows and the live taping San francisco-oakland. You've always been so kind to me say hi. Okay, I'll stop I'm dragging my feet because I'm nervous to talk about this one guys. I've been doing this show. We're 200 episodes deep just about 200 episodes in and if you've been listening for a while you've heard I've gotten better at I still get blown away by the calls, but back in the old days. Sometimes I wouldn't know what to say and you know, you do a thing long enough and I've learned how to roll with the punches the punch that gets thrown in this episode is Unlike any other that I've dealt with in the course of the show. It's intense makes me nervous.
I have no idea what's gonna happen when we put this out or or the there will be a debate about the ethics surrounding this that's it's the whole thing's wild you can hear in my voice. I don't even know what to say about it. It's a fascinating call no matter how you slice it. And then there's a moment. We'll start ramping up to it where you will see exactly what I mean and it ooh my mind enjoy the conversation.
Thank you for calling beautiful Anonymous a beeping noise will indicate when you are on the show with the host. East hello Hello. Hello. Hi. Hey, what's happening? What's happening? Not much threw out my back. That's been the bomb. Yeah. It sucks. That's the worst happen to me last summer bouncing back down.
Oh, no, what's happening? Because you doing mr. Chan. Yeah, I'm trying I'm trying. Yeah, we got it makes a big difference. This is what you wanted people to call for right some physical. RP advice yeah, definitely goes a long way goes a long way. I've done it. I've been in bed for two days, but I'm up and about. No, not that yeah, I'm glad you're feeling better so much bottom.
Yeah. Now what's happening with you? Not too much. I am I technically at the bar at 4:30 on a Thursday, which I guess isn't a good book, but we got done work a little early so I think that's final post-work. Happy hour right you all right? Yeah. I'm not a big drinker. It's just a place. There's like one place like Gathering Place near where I work. So it's where we often end up at school. Yeah with coworkers.
Yep. Yep. Nice bunch of teachers. Yeah. Nice. Yeah.
Yeah.
What's an Exactly. I mean do you like teach a couple courses a semester? But you're not a full-time professor at The Institute. Yeah. Yeah, it means that they get to pay us like a tenth of what tenured faculty get to do the same work or more which I you know, I sound better but uh, but I like teaching so it's fine and I don't have to have a PhD to do it. So that's cool. Yeah. My brother has started teaching some adjunct classes smart guy. Really?
Yeah. What's he teaching he teaches he works in PR and stuff like that. So he's teaching some stuff that's related to that field Loosely. I would I was at of sorry to interrupt that was rude. I was at a one of your I guess this will narrow down what show I was at but where he came out and yelled at us for a little while. It was great. So oh good. Okay, so I know the general area where you live?
Yeah. Yeah out of college is around there.
Yeah, I teach it I teach at a couple actually, but I teach it one that I think you probably have some feelings about. Okay. So the cross the bridge is and so on the other side of a bridge. No, it's on the other side of the state. One of the satellite campuses Okay. Thank I know what you could possibly okay, okay.
So I have I was I have a story for you, but I want to preface with something so that you can decide if it's a story you want to talk about it if that makes sense.
So so I have like a pretty crazy family. I know everybody does but I found some information out a few years ago about my biological father and his family and I won't say who these people are and I won't like give any real information aware. But one of his kids is somebody who I think you and like who runs in similar kind of like comedy circles and stuff and I haven't contacted him or anything because I can explain why but it's possible that by telling the story you'll have an idea who this person is, so I don't know if you want to talk about something else or no. I say I mean Sounds pretty interesting and let's just give it a shot and then you know, what if it starts to Trend up on something that feels like there's some ethical concerns. I'll just Express that and will either pivot or edit come up with a game plan on our feet.
Okay, that sounds that sounds good to me. So yeah, so I was raised by the guy that I call my dad and when I was like God I was like maybe like later. 20s, I'm 34 now. So a few years ago. I was on the phone with my dad and he was talking about how his his father. So my grandfather had diabetes and I said something about like, oh I should be like testify that he was like, we don't have to worry about it.
I said why and then he got real quiet and he was like, oh no, I thought you knew that's why I said no what and my dad said. Well, I'm hearing mr. So sweet wasn't him. It was Mother's he goes. I'm your dad, but I'm not Not your biological father and so he told me that he and my mom had split up for like a year and over the summer. My mom went down the shore down the shore came back pregnant and my dad had already adopted her son who's my older brother who he has a different father than either of my dad's now think about it.
But so when so they got back together, When I was born my dad just put his name on the birth certificate. So there's no reason right to suspect that he wasn't my dad.
So he told me that and I have like a weird he and I my folks like divorced when I when I was like 2 so my dad and I were close but he didn't have that like kind of, you know, he didn't really raised me right? We just kind of I don't know the older I got the like the closer we got but just he was just like an older like like steady presence in my life, but not somebody getting feel like really betrayed or anything. Does that make sense?
Yeah. Yeah don't yeah, so so I went to my mom and I asked her about you know, what the story was for a variety of reasons like my brother and I don't really get along and I was new was getting certain that we have the same father because I kind of held on to the fact that he was my half brother which is shitty. Sorry Billy, but it was, you know something that So my first question to her was like is my brother said also my dad and the answer was no and she told me this guy's name and where she met him in the work that he did and so I found him on Facebook and I shot him a message and I was just like, hey, like I'm an adult. I am well-adjusted. I'm not looking for anything, but I think if I were in your shoes, I'd want to know you've got a kid and so he didn't message me back. Which is totally understandable, especially as I was kind of like snooping around to see what his deal was.
I figured out that he's got three kids. So he's got two daughters who are younger than me and a son who's older than me. So that positions me and I kind of like her carry a spot in terms of yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah the math on that is interesting. Yeah, exactly. So the sun is he's a few. Colder than I think the daughters are quite a bit younger.
So, you know, I don't know anything about their family life because like I said, I didn't reach out to anybody else because I figured if he didn't, you know, if he wasn't into it, I wasn't going to like upset his family life. So but the thing that I was thinking about is my brother who I do have contact with my other half brother. He sucks.
He sucks real bad and there's other person seemed from his presence on the internet just like a cool dude. He works on a lot of stuff that I'm already into and so it's like what's that movie? I haven't seen it sliding doors where it's like that's the movie. We're like had things been different right? That might be the person I'd be hanging out with the family reunions. Not the, you know incarcerated heroin addict for example, so yeah, just so we're on the same page and you might not know.
If there's if there's these half siblings that are kind of like out in the world one's older to or younger. Do you think your biological dad had the older one this one woman and the younger ones with another or is the implication that he maybe had an affair with your mom at some point? Yeah, so I don't I don't know and that's why I you know, he's the only one I reached out to it's hard to tell my from what I can gather and I don't spend a lot of time like I've probably like checked his Facebook maybe twice like just to you know, whatever but it doesn't look like he's married now or anything, so I don't know what that What that means right? Have you thought about contacting your half-siblings?
No. No, I think that again the other the other two, the only one that I even like the only reason I know much about the other one is because he has a pretty I mean not like super wide or like reaching internet presence really unless you like I pay attention. I like to Comedy and that kind of thing so So for me, he's somebody that I would have probably been aware of any way but but all that to say like if I were him, I would probably not be thrilled about some random person right contacted me in the middle of nowhere, you know, I don't know where to hey. I'm your sister.
I can imagine that that could fuck up some family Dynamics. Yeah, that's such a tough call. Right? Yeah. Yeah and the one hand you're not looking to rock the boat for all these people who write as none of their decisions that led to this but the same time I wonder if you thought see there's a part of me. That's like well if I had a sibling out in the world, I'd want to know them there's that's do you think so man? That's such a tough call right?
I'm not looking for you to give me the go-ahead. Should have a message but I don't know gathered said I should reach out to you. So yeah, this ain't exactly like me Tanya by a record store saying yeah a little different we're talking about she's you know talking about yeah, I'm a true drama. Yeah. Yeah.
I don't know though. I don't know might might be I wonder if I wonder if someday you'll connect with them and they'll go out and you knew for years and we could add a relationship for years. Who knows? Yeah, I'm good imaginary guilt now God. Well, it's the last thing I'm trying to do is make you feel guilty about having a secret family. You didn't know about my poor. Dad my own he let it slip he just I just I felt him shrivel up like yeah, how does I gotta ask that was one of my initial questions? How does that just slip your mind?
How is he I know Yeah, I think so. I'm trying to my so my my my dad that's that's to like when I when I say my dad, that's what I mean. He and my mom had a really not great relationship at all. And my mom is difficult. She's trouble in a lot of ways and I think my guess and she would never tell me this my guess is that she told him that she told me and that like I didn't want to talk. About it or something like that because she'd yeah, she was not happy when she found out that I knew and she had it in her head that he did it to be spiteful which is my dad was a great guy. I don't think had a spiteful bird as body but you know, no yeah your dad and your mom separated when you were 2 uh-huh. Yeah, and your dad did stay involved in your life.
Yeah. Yeah, you did even though he had the knowledge that you were not biologically related. Yeah. Yeah. He was the best. It's I think about a lot just based on that. That's a good guy. Yeah, he was he was just like a fan of dude, you know, he just is Just like I don't know always concerned with like doing what was right. I think or what he thought was right anyway.
Yeah. Yeah good, dude.
Yeah, he actually he he just passed away in July.
I'm sorry and thanks. That's all so crazy story. I don't have all my stories are either nothing or crazy Hunter though in between but he he was he he remarried right? Well, I was young so my folks divorced when I was two he remarried right before I turn like five to Woman who short story long had a oh God. What do they call it? Flick alcohol-induced dementia.
And so she stopped being able to like work or take care of herself like a couple of decades ago, and he just was her full-time caretaker up until he passed away.
If that's what I mean, he just wants he takes responsibility for something, you know, I took with ability ago, but yeah, excuse me. I just swallowed wrong. Yeah. I was just real life moments that show up on the show.
Now. Did your dad in that subsequent marriage? Did he have any more children?
No, okay. She was a little bit older than him too. So, I don't know, you know, I'm not a doctor but biologically and stuff. I think that those days were probably behind her at that point. You got it. Yeah.
Yeah. When did you send this biological dad this message?
Um, so it would have been like 2015.
How about 20 of 20 2014-2015 right around there? And are you sure that he saw it because it could have just gone to that weird Facebook message requests folder you aware of this. Yeah. Yeah, I can I guess.
I guess it's possible. He didn't I don't know. What is it just sitting there for years later. What if he would have responded so positively and it's sitting in a message request for you should send a follow-up message through another platform another side of Mana. I don't know Instagram Thomas a tender. That's not the place Tinder. Yeah, go find your biological dad on Tinder. That sounds like the real way to settle this that shit happens. So, you know, it does that's horrifying.
Somebody somebody doesn't know they got a secret half-sibling out there and they wind up out on a date. Yeah, it's happened. Right? I had a friend. Yeah. No, go ahead you go ahead you had a friend who what years ago when that suffer servant was like like actual websites before apps. I had a friend he met some dude on like I don't remember what the website was called, but it was like a Plenty of Fish or something like that and they figured out that they were half-siblings before. Or so they say before anything happened. But yeah you imagine no. No, they've learned aren't you glad that you're married and don't have to worry about that shit. He'd I am thanks.
He's fun to hang out with he's like a legitimately cool person. He's only six and a half months old. That's it. Seems like well for my side, it seems like it's been longer. That's crazy. Yeah, just rolling with the punches figure it out. Figure it out. Yes. I don't know what I'm gonna tell me nothing. I'm not going to do anything about it. I don't think but really you must out once because I bet that a lot of people listening are sitting here going it went to that message requests folder.
Why does Facebook have that message requests folder? Do you know about this folder? Yeah. Yeah. No. No, I do. We're sometimes you get exactly these messages that just go to that folder and it's you don't even really know it exists. Then when you do it's really hard to access. Yeah, I don't know how yeah.
God when my yeah, you know what maybe maybe maybe maybe I'll send one more we're send a letter it how do you know an address or anything? No. No. I haven't. I thought getting like that. I feel like Facebook is its public like I find it profile that's whatever but digging down and finding an address and stuff feels a little invasive. I don't know catch at a friend request him first. So then the message goes God.
I don't know. Maybe maybe maybe maybe I don't know my the other thing too and not so whatever because he's probably a very nice guy, but we don't seem to align politically the ways and that's important to me doesn't seem to be the case with the half-brother. He seems very cool. And that's the half brother.
Let's talk about that because that's so you gotta half-brother who it sounds like on some level is living sort of publicly. Li like public figures. Yeah. Yeah, so you can make sure that I follow him on Twitter and he wouldn't notice. You know what I mean? He's got some followers. Yeah, I would notice if a stranger were following me on Twitter, you know.
Damn, so you got this half brother who doesn't know that he's being watched from afar it that way he's being watched from afar by few thousand people, you know for sure for sure, but he has no idea that one of them is his sister. Yeah. Well half is this some is this someone who like performs?
Someone who goes onstage. Um, I think has is what I'll say like, I don't think that's I don't know why I'm saying, I don't think that's not like his main gig but but I know he's been like an extra in a few shows and Like I stumbled upon him once like I was watching some some show and I was like fuck I think that's so-and-so and it was so that's weird.
Yeah. Yeah, but this is not someone who like because you had mentioned like similar circles me but this is not like a touring comedian where there's a chance they could come to your town and you buy a ticket and be there. No, I don't think so. Okay. Okay. I don't I don't. Yeah, I don't think so. But uh, but similar circles in that like other other podcasts that have Comics talking other Comics, his name has come up more than once.
Lee or they'll be like, yeah, like recounting a story of something and this person's name will come up and I'll be like motherfucker there he is again.
So, okay. What what? No, I'm not going to try to guess but what are the odds? What would you say the odds are that I know this person. Honestly, you want the oddest odds, right? I would my well, I guess there's always room for error but I would say like 98% 98% and when you say no they like and that would be that that's like oh, yeah. I know their work or you're saying 98% chance that I have personally met your half-brother who you've never met.
I think am I oh, I think the second one. Okay. So here's what I'll say ninety eight and a half percent. You know, this person's work 85. I don't teach maths but like slightly less that but I there's I would be very surprised if you haven't interacted with this person. Okay here on this is up to you.
It's not up to me and I don't want you to feel any pressure for the entertainment value of this show if you're like, that's that's way too much. I respect the answer will move on. You can tell I'm very sincere in that in my was if you want to see if you want to say the name Will bleep it and I can tell you if I know your half-brother personally.
Okay? Yeah. No, that's okay with me you could know. Yeah, but you'll be okay. What if it's someone who might not have his cell phone number in my cell phone not shut up. No, no. No, there's a chance that could happen though. It sounds like I mean meet maybe I really said that.
I mean may I don't know I guess I don't know. It's up to you. I'll let you ponder it for a second. Oh, no, I mean as long as it's more of it like I wouldn't want find it. Yes, I would tell you. I mean, I guess I will and you can tell me but but the bleeping is important to me the hell out of this one. I promise you. Okay, I won't let all Harry Nelson play his games.
What if I said like what if what if I said like fucking Al Pacino or something and then you realize I'm just totally like shouting. Don't know like I really think that I would divide.
Wow.
I'm going to pause and I know sometimes I say oh pause now because that's a cliffhanger but guys.
Biggest Cliffhanger in the history of the show. I don't know.
with joy bird your personal one-of-a-kind style should match your furniture bring your mood boards to life with hundreds of customizable pieces and over 50 Fabric and leather options Three Shades of wood and over 250 unique Silhouettes from Joy bird fabric Swatch kits allow you to see and touch all of their Fabrics to find the perfect choice tell you what I am moving to a house instead of an apartment going out got A joy bird couch and I'll tell you why it's not because they're an advertiser's because they're a good company my wife loves their stuff.
So we got to have this as the centerpiece of our living room Joy bird. It's no joke each piece is made with Ultimate Care and precision using real wood and responsibly sourced materials without all those harmful chemicals create furniture that matches your own Fearless style at Joy bird. Com, / beautiful 25, see how Joy bird can help make your dream space or real? 80 today at Joy bird. Com beautiful 25 go to Joy bird. Com beautiful 25 receive an exclusive offer for 25% off your first order by using the code beautiful 25.
Thanks to all our advertisers now and get back into this conversation because this is getting intense. What if I said like fucking Al Pacino or something and then you realize I'm just totally like shouted crackers don't know like I really think that I would survive.
Wow, is that a that's yeah, that's someone I've known for many years. Yeah. Yeah. I had a fan. Wow. Okay. Yeah. I had baseball know just based on your description of the lay of the land with them I Had a that that was the one friend I had who I was like, oh this sounds like this sounds like it could vaguely be this person and it was really holy shit.
Can you what about if I let Harry let's go ahead and flag this part to this episode is going to be weird because there's a lot of bleep Parts because okay, I'll explain it to you in one succinct sentence that will bleep. Okay, because the nature by which I would I thought I had a hunch would allow other people to sort of have some notes.
Right, I guess that narrows it down some that's the one person who comes really.
To that makes sense. It's so hands we could make sure we bleep that I debt that thing that allowed me. Wow. Yeah.
Wow. Yeah. This is a weird one for me.
And you and everyone listening.
Yeah. Yeah. I've been thinking about it for I've gotten in the like holding pen once or twice before not in a long time. Not just like maybe the first or second you're even doing this, but I've got to go back and forth like if I would even Talk to you about that for that reason.
Okay, so now so this changes things for you, right? So now that you know who the person is. Wow. Yeah. Right here. Okay. I mean this is someone this is someone who's a I don't have that person's number in my phone. Okay. We we used to be much closer and then you know people's careers Go in different directions. You lose touch. Yeah, of course, this is not one. This is an odd one handsome.
It's strange conflicts of interest. I mean totally up to you and I'm Not trying to put myself in the middle of it, but obviously I should just state that because this is someone in my vague circles if you ever do want to reach out. You're welcome to let me know. I'm not suggesting that that's something that needs to happen. And by all means this show is entertainment and I'm not trying to put that out there but this is an odd even for this show which has had so many so many calls that have gotten different different directions. No one expected.
The idea that we got one from you. Hey, I have a secret half-brother. He doesn't know about me but you know him personally and have for decades. This is a weird one for even me and then I want let's let everybody know. This was not a voicemail. You randomly not through this is like a one-in-a-million.
This is we and there's I mean to be perfectly honest. There is a 50/50 shot. I'd even say it. I think that if you guys if I hadn't talked to somebody Forehand and it was just you and I hadn't had a chance to like because I told them and I was like we're gonna hang up on me. There's no way they're going to let me float this but yeah, I would have been talking about I don't know like how silly it is teaching college freshmen or something which it is. But yeah goddamn the world is a small place.
I now I know isn't that so all right range how the world works. That's one of my main takeaway. He's outside of your drama and the fact that I am now ensnaring it by the way. I'm now caught in the spider's web shit. I'm looking at the computer screen 6625 call attempts today now, huh? I don't know if that means 6000 callers. There's probably some people out there trying to dial a hundred times in a row because I know some yeah the first five were me yeah ego that being said thousands of people try to call and And then I know a person you're referring to like I also know it's so tiny and like and I often like I'll miss it's a joke. I thought I was sitting at the bar with Jill my co-workers and my roommate and my roommate knows that like a fan of yours and and the podcast and whatever and I always always always miss your Tweet by like 30 seconds and it's always too much like just long enough that I never get through which happened today and I turned it with a you gotta figure. Out how I can get through faster. Like there's got to be a way on my phone.
So I just panic and and as I was saying that it started to ring like oh shit, so Crazy, right? Yeah. This is why I mean you can hear my anyone who's anyone who's been listening to this show for a while cancer. I think I'm I gotta tell you I think I'm pretty good at rolling with a punch at this point.
I think I've learned how to just stay in it, but you can tell I I am a man I am a little shell-shocked. Oh, no, I'm sorry. It's wild. It's why just for the listeners just to be clear. This is yeah. I think you described it accurately. This is someone we run in the same circles. We have had numerous one-on-one conversations shit. Yeah.
Yeah haven't seen each other in a bunch of years. But yeah, this is wild one. It's weird. I wonder what that again somebody that get what are the ethics of this? I don't even know. I know I honestly and I don't want you to do or say anything that you know, but It's your call. But I also think but I do think it's somebody who like, you know wouldn't be I think you'd already have to know who this person was to be able to get it from anything. We've said right?
You know what I mean? Like, yeah, I think so. Yeah. Yeah.
So yeah, that's I mean that's that's the that's the whole story though. There's nothing beyond that but I'm excited about the convention.
I like the pivot. I like that you realize I'm my head is spinning so hard that I'm not going to be able to find my way out of this. So yeah. Yeah, let's talk convention. That's right, baby, May 14th 15th 16th 17th, beautiful. Khanna - we'll see how it goes. I've been joking about it for a solid year on the show.
Yeah. Yeah. I'm ready.
You're wondering how you're going to like wait there. Is there a couple of like I would I'm trying to think of what? But what I want to they're like a few episodes where I think listen to me now, I'm on the planning committee. I hope you're okay with that. I plan absolutely pitch some ideas.
But I think having the the Motor City Mayhem boys. Who I mean what a you think. Okay. This our conversation is the more wild than would happen there, right? But yeah, I mean, it's you given anybody a run for their money. I'm telling ya not trying to make you feel insecure but this list You know what though? Knowing that like knowing you and your whole like I'm almost honors. I'm like, I like I feel bad that I kind of like pulled the rug out from under a little bit. But at the same time, yeah, like pat yourself on the back because I don't get thrown easily at this point with these cause this this I got a half brother doesn't know about me and he's your friend. That's that a 34. Okay. So what's your pitch? What's your pitch for the convention?
So pickling demo from the boys already on the docket Harry can vouch for me. I'm not just saying that so your idea the Motor City man boys have agreed to come out and hand out pickle samples as part of the convention part. That was like I was like driving laughing and crying. I couldn't they're just so glad you enjoyed it.
And I guess I'll have thought maybe we'll hold this one until we've announced some of these events Harry, but we also got we're going to have Whirlpool Galaxy giving a presentation. Haitian on the most exciting developments in modern astrophysics. Yes. Yes, we're gonna have the guy who bought a record store is going to be there selling records merchandise.
Oh my God, that's so good. That's so funny. It's I love that. I love the practicality of it going to have a Thomas's English muffin station where you can make your own Thomas English Muffins getting them notes and crannies really get in them looks and crannies like that, huh? Yeah butter Mountain you want to use and then you get paid for this one? No, I'm and I'm so mad because they didn't have a promo code. So I don't think they understand how popular Those ads were on our show. I've had many people tell me that they've regularly eat Thomas English Muffins because of that ad campaign may be one of the most successful in the history of the show and I'm trying to get I'm trying to get Thomas is back on board man.
Let's get some more of those. Let's get some more of those softcore porn a graphic Thomas's English muffin ads going. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, what you got to do is they've got the half Bagel, so no, do you know about this? What it's like a it's like a it's a English muffin Bagel things like a big fluffy ass Bagel.
It's real good. I'm getting paid for this but that's the real that's the secret. The rest of that shit was alive is to get me and it's like guerrilla marketing now, can I pitch I will hear some English muffins. Yes you and idea for the convention. Absolutely.
You meet your secret half-brother face-to-face. I'm stage at the Bell House baby. I have March you out there. I March this guy out there and we sit you down and listen to you talk.
I don't know that I would never I would never put you in that situation in 10 million years. I would have to be a sociopath I'd have to be sociopath I think that this is not a healthy way to do this. There would be the least Hollywood. Yeah. No, I'm absolutely I mean but yeah, I'm not the one who say I mean what could happen like my life is already, you know, my dad's bed and my mom's a lunatic and you know continue.
Faculty at a tiny State College. So like I don't stand to lose too much not that you could stand aloof. You know what? I mean? I just can't imagine that it would be a little more complicated for him than for me. Well, it would certainly Blindside him. If I reached out I was gonna come be part of this thing. I had a bit for you Nana marching out front of you.
Here's here's a secret member of your family cool bit right not have never did that to you or him. How do you mind if I just assumed that this would be a grandpa and you're talking about just dragging this? No, no, no joking. I'm joking. I would never believe it or not. I do have some sense of responsibility. Fantastic.
You would let somebody else do that to you though is the thing. Oh, yeah, like that's like my dream comedy experience. Oh you want to completely rearrange the very Foundation of how I thought my life. Worked on stage back later. Yeah, that sounds fun with feel this good. I would say five or six years ago. I would have done that in a heartbeat out of it like yeah anything weird on stage and now I'm like maybe this is part of why I'm so mentally mixed up a lot of time is because I allow my whole life to become a performance art experiment.
Yeah, I feel that I think if I were less, I think it's a good thing for me that I have a lot of social anxiety. They think that like, I mean toward chaos in that way to in much smaller. Smaller doses. So what's that mean but I get that I just you know, I'm kind of just like like you said I just kind of roll with it and I will move toward the crazier option of II just I don't know.
I don't know not in like a now I sound like I think I'm like 500 Days of Summer some shit but it's like, you know, I don't know. What else are we doing? I like that. I don't like if I'm ever in a situation where there's like a fight. Finding in public like there's a fight across the way I'll always instinctively start like heading towards it and my wife is like my wife is like, what are you doing? Stop stop and I'm like, no, I got to pick who's on the side of right and join another team.
I was raised.
Yeah, it's my thing. Now. Let me have a gut instinct moment of deciding who the hero is and the villain is and see if I can make that hero. Yeah, of course. That's I mean, that's exactly it what else like not enough to go consideration of both sides of an argument or yeah, why would we do that? And then my wife's like maybe you shouldn't just sniff sniff out trouble at all times and try to be on The Fringe of it.
I think that's one of my problems in life is I always want to be on The Fringe of something that's trouble so that's how you are. I feel that yeah. Oh, yeah, absolutely.
yeah, and I just I don't know I find myself in and situations from like why not this also, you know, but but I mean, I think you can probably gather I come tumultuous background to begin with so I think it's just I think I've gotten I've calmed down a little in my in my older age, but Yeah, you know I have no excuse I have well as the kid yeah, it tastes like down some no, I mean I had already slowed down a bunch.
Yeah. Yeah.
You know really worked hard to get my head together and you know, then also got older and even my comedy even like the get through Joe by the end of one of the things, you know, when it was when it was clearly approaching its end. One of the things I was really aware of I'm like, well, I've really evolved as a person and this show is reflective of me when I was a maniac six or seven years ago.
This came out of my head when I was unhinged and now I'm here so yeah, yeah.
Yeah, I get that. Yeah, and I love what I don't get me wrong. I loved doing it up until the end and when it was fun, it was still the most fun thing in my life. But then you know when you're getting Network notes and they're not fun. It's just kind of like right and when you're playing with your character of yourself, especially I mean, maybe I don't want to tell you about you are but like you seem like somebody who's very interested in being yourself, you know, yeah medically and so I can imagine really Yeah, I don't know and then it's funny. I don't know because it sounds like you enjoyed the gethard show which I appreciate and I know not all the beautiful - was supposed to but you know one thing I think I mean, it's fine not everybody likes everything and I'm the I'm the weirdo who has to have all my projects be completely different from each other in a way. I have like four fan bases and if they are if I could just get them all in one place. I'd be I'd be very well known but and it's okay.
Yeah, not really, but it's I don't want to talk too much about this. But one thing I've been thinking about lately is like out of the gethard show fans are like, oh you weren't into it anymore by the end or you were you know, you sold it out or whatever, but what people don't know is I was actually going through perhaps the hardest stretch of my personal life during that same really unrelated to the show, but you can't really go out there and say that because it's random stance is what it was. Is and it's just a tough time and I had to grow up fast and had to grow up fast as hell. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, I think we should be able to though I think that that's that it's kind of bullshit that we can't be like, I think that that maybe as somebody who does I think you know for different fan bases or whatever. I think I probably were I don't know. I'm kind of into some most all the stuff you do, but like you're the one Thank you.
There's more there's more than there's more than just me. I'm sure but I think that we should be able to have every side of like so Solomon instructor and a lot of like we do in classes like is taking on this kind of teacher role and I have a really hard time with that. So like my students know immediately that I'm queer and that I have ADHD and that unity mean like God immediately. I don't look at him like a of queer. I'm a DC but like I don't keep those things separate because I think that's why like how much better would have been for you to be able to look to y'all like this is working out for me right now. So these other reasons and you need to know that like it's not about it's not about this thing. Well, it's one of the things that made me really value the past iterations of the show where it could do that and then you're like variable. Yeah Comedy Network bought this sort always has to be funny and I gotta just I just gotta get Locked and loaded and go do the job. You know, it's like I'm very lucky and I'm in a cushy industry, but it's like at the end of the day sometimes, you know, I'm still got from North Jersey where it's like, nope you punch in and you do your job, you know.
Yeah, I did it but it's okay. Anyway, what subjects do you teach what subjects you teach in?
Let's pause there. Yeah, I think we got it. I got we gotta talk about some what we got. This is one of those ones where you got to come up for air every once in a while. So just come up for air fuck that sum up stuff will get back to it though. Meantime check out our ads will be right back.
Even if you're out there trying to do the right thing eat kale salads drink smoothies that you're in preparing all the ingredients yourself. I'm telling you. We all know it's still likely that you're not getting all the essential nutrients. You need on a daily basis enter ritual the obsessively researched vitamin for women ritual makes it so easy ritual really makes it easy for you to get everything you need in one place.
My wife has used ritual. He's very fond of it. I think the way that they approach everything makes sense. They're taking a lot of the stress. You don't you don't have to go and think about okay, I got to go in the internet research every single thing now, I gotta go to the store and see if I can track down all the versions of those things know they do all that for you rituals Essentials have the nutrients most of us. Don't get enough of from food D3 omega-3.
So many more all of these things in their clean absorbable forms. There's no Shady additives. There's no weird ingredients that you never even heard. Of that do more harm than good to your body Better Health doesn't happen overnight. And right now ritual is offering my listeners 10% off during your first three months fill in the gaps in your diet with essential for women a small step that helps support a healthy foundation for your body visit ritual. Com stories to start your ritual today.
That's 10% off doing it first three months at ritual. Com / stories.
Thank you to everybody who advertised on beautiful Natomas now. Let's get back to this conversation.
Anyway, what subjects do you teach what subjects you teach in? Um, I teach all kinds of well, so I'm kind of lucky I teach freshman comp which is which is fine. It's whatever I liked it enough, but that's usually all you get somebody with us. I have a master's degree. I don't have my PhD but I'm really lucky and I'm at another University where I teach upper-level active site each like children's but and I teach a class that's like a critical theory class.
So I get to do a bunch of different stuff just depends on what they need.
That cop freshman comp that's I had to do that at Rutgers. It was called expository writing as its that is it that where you just make sure these people know how to put two sentences together in a way that professors want. Yeah, so they pretend like it's something more than that. Like there's a lot of like I could tell comp hearing I won't do that to you. I know your feelings on higher ed, but I don't my feelings on higher ed to they like to pretend it's more than that, but no at the end of the day if they come out.
You know double spacing there. It's it even down to that like getting the font right on an assignment. They're happy, right? So so it's your job to like public it aside at the end of a semester and be like, hey, you're not an English major.
I don't hear. Well, here's what's what kind of wants about that is like I don't and the comp classes. I've been doing it for three teaching conflicts three years now, and I think I've had two or three English Majors.
So he's read know there are no English major. I don't exist anymore. Ya know people got hip to it hip to what for the lack of it's really fucking hard. It is hard to make a career in higher ed because I mean, you know people get tenure and they hang on forever. My department is full of a bunch of old white dudes who refused to retire.
And and so there's there's less for the rest of us and then the rest of us just you know, if you love teaching like it what I make is like a joke.
I can't imagine that like if I wanted to start a family or something what I would do, it's just me that I take care of so it's fine. But but you can just like it's just not sustainable, especially when you go work in it or whatever and make to kill him so How do you think it is that we? And I think everybody is an agreement. I don't think there's anybody out there that's like these teachers need to stop complaining. They get paid more than enough. I don't think there's one person on Earth who's who doesn't agree.
Why do we do that seems like a bad idea? It that the old white dudes get all the money. I mean for the just the idea of like teachers, you know, you put children in rooms with teachers and tell the children. Hey this education affects the entire course of your life and then from preschool teachers up through college professors the people in charge of that stewardship are criminally underpaid.
Wow, it's crazy. I don't I don't know. I don't know. I don't know why we do it and I think it's pretty I mean I hate money anyway, so like it's like the whole thing. It's frustrating to me, but it's it's crazy to think about and especially what so I don't know. This is something I didn't know until I started at this school in particular but state colleges, you can find out everybody's salary and I would sit in a classroom with with an instructor and just look up how much money they were making its disgusting right? Because the technically they're technically state Knees so that's taxpayer money. You're allowed to know about right? Yeah. Yeah. So if you want to get angry Google your your old records instructors, it'll be great for anybody out there. You want to get really angry you want to really get angry Google the salary of your State University's football coach if you really want to thank God there was a while there where the old Rucker's football coach was the highest paid state employee in the state of New Jersey. Jersey highest paid more than the governor, that's insane and I'm sure that's work. Like I'm not saying it's not take fine. But like I know I know the full you know what I mean? Like I know what a football coaches.
Come on. What are you doing? Yeah, not football coaches by all means. It's a long days and a lot of work and I'm not saying you don't deserve some money. But if you're adding it isn't that just reflective of this like if anything is reflective of the strange state of education and education in the United States being a commercial Venture and NCAA and the way it affects the colleges and the exploitation of athletes and these young kids who are putting their bodies on the line and they don't make a dollar if there's anything that kind of puts a magnifying glass that on that I would argue look at a football coach's salary and then look at a professor even a tenured professor salary.
Yeah, and yeah think about how much money is getting thrown around and I'll maybe education had been commodified but hey, that's just me. Yep. No, I mean it's just you and a lot of other people including myself. It's a hard knot. So whatever. We're seeing my right on time. I don't know why that's my teammate fast.
How many 13 holy shit man? Yeah, I talk too much, but well no time really flies when we're finding out that I've had actual sit-down meals with your secret family time really flies. I've 100% broken bread with that person. I have seized set a fucking Mighty. I have sat in I remember specific places where I have set and eaten food and in consumed drinks with the exact person. Who's your Family member that so to be yeah, I was not expecting you to have that that closer the that I don't know whatever of relationship with with this particular person. I don't know that I would have yeah, that's not yeah more than more than a tangential crossover the Venn diagram for sure that that's what I thought it was going to be. No, like hell. Yeah, I would tell you more details, but it would legitimately out.
This person. Yeah, no don't don't do that. Maybe next time I want to show all.
Yeah, we'll sit down. We'll have a little chat. Well you let me know what chat. Yeah, now that would be I'd be interested in I just crazy to think about I don't know. Yeah it is. Yeah it is. Anyway, we were slamming the state of money in education. Yeah, it sucks and I'm somebody who's in the middle of it and like I say it all the time. It's bullshit the money I make and I think if they offered me ten minutes so you'd like hell yes, and I feel guilty about it forever.
But like because those are your kind of your two options. I mean you can be full-time faculty who is a non-tenure track, but like It's so precarious but I don't know thinking a lot lately. You said you hate money and you're talking about money and you how you'd still have to lock in the tenure track, even though you you know, come to resent it as the system and I've really and look.
I grew up. What money I'm actually I'll say this. I was pretty proud. I've never there have been very few choices. I've made in my life that were driven by money and I'm proud of that. He's always driven by my instincts creativity Integrity happy about that. And you know, I had a TV show and I've done some stuff and at a certain point I started making more money than I used to and I just try to live like I always have so that I have a safety net.
But how say you look at the state of the world right now? And it's hard not to believe that so much of the tension and so much of the heartbreaking stuff. You see in the news the end of the day comes down to money. Yeah. It's what I mean. It's hard not to believe it because it's a hundred percent true right like And it's crazy. What is I don't know so much of it that you see like protesters in Hong Kong getting killed in the streets and you see that there's you know more and more reports that it seems like there are actual concentration camps in China for a specific ethnic group and you see some of the images that people are sneaking out of these camps and they are I mean Beyond disturbing but yeah, but you know, Chinese in China manufacturers are t-shirts. So we're not going to go in there. Like it's hard not to feel completely dismayed just compare. I ask my students about that all the time. I was just talking about that with them and I was like and like and you know giving an example Miss exactly like that and I'm like and do I know who made my sweatshirt like I have no idea probably, you know, we're all complicit in it. But what are we supposed to hate? What are we supposed to do? Because that's lazy and throw away but like At the same time.
What are we supposed to do sucks? Yeah, and now there's a hole. Brand and out. Let me say this there are activists in this world who are out on the streets and on the front lines of stuff. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. I am massively respectful of them. But there's yeah there's also a whole system in place where it's becoming clearer and clearer in my opinion.
There's a whole lot of ways that you can feel like you're participating in activism online and the powers that be have realized that it has no lasting effect on them, so they cannot ignore And they kept but in fact no you go for it. In fact, what we're sisters. In fact as part of it is letting that happen. So people feel like when we're doing something, you know, I was just going to say yeah.
Oh cool. We got this platform where you can express your opinion get a bunch of likes and feel like yeah. I've done my part right the next the next issue comes along and you all forget about that one and we get to keep going What we do that's exactly right so discouraging. Yeah, yeah. No, it's it's certainly fast. I don't know what I don't even know I don't know. That's my that's my takeaway there. I think the it's one of the reasons that teaching is important to me because I know there's not it's defeat us to say there's not a whole lot that I can do but I really I like what I like looking at kids doing up and that's not what I meant. But like they come in and they haven't they haven't thought about the stuff and it's not their fault like, you know, I didn't think about the stuff until until I really had to sit down and pay attention or whatever but You know when people sit down and pay attention I think is important and I don't know I always feel guilty. Could I go on these little Rants and I'm like, yeah.
I'm just one guy with I'm a guy with a podcast but I still got an iPhone in my pocket and probably every piece of clothing I'm wearing is made by somebody who is economically exploited and it's easy. That's the other thing. It's easy for me to sit here and spout off but I'm not trying to feel self-righteous because I know I'm not doing enough.
I'm aware of it, but I don't know and I think I don't know now. I'm going to sound as mrs. But like what would be enough what's enough that you could do? Well, you know, that's the whole problem right? It's like what am I? What am I it's it's me. What am I going to do to get through to Jeff Bezos? Like he owns little eyelids.
He owns happening deal. What am I going to do? What do you off the planet if you wanted I'm an idiot. Yeah. I mean like I'm a I got an American studies degree from Rutgers University and a podcast like what am I? I'm not am I really the one who has to step up to the plate here and it fix this because they're feels like there are so many. Well, that's what's daunting right? There's so many people trying and there's so many people who seem qualified and they can't get things to move. They can't get these mountains to move.
Exactly. So, how am I going to make things? Right? Right, and I know you're not saying that to like invite praise, but I think that what you are doing is is the important thing right is that we do get to listen to something that that connects us and and to I know we don't have time for me to to do this but career suicide. So so so important to me that's nice. I can't tell you how much I liked and I listen we've been and it sounds like it's a very I don't know if we've met but Having seen me do stand-up we've been it. That's a very intimate venue. You know, I'm just that's super Connie to say but at the end of the day, I'm just some dude with a podcast yelling yet selling your socks at the end of the day. I'm just selling your socks over here. You know, I buy the fucking socks are great socks, right?
I mean that's what sucks about some of this stuff is the socks are good. I have a me on my subscription like I'm a sucker for a lot of the stuff that I trust you guys like you and there's a couple other podcast. That I like I don't know. Anyway, I was talking about socks. I don't know how we got here. Yeah, I know talking about now. It's but ya know that that's special in particular. I got to tell you and I send it to people who I know need to hear it. And so you're doing you're doing real work. I tried I tried in my day and now the Young Bucks with the energy can try but that's super nice see and I'm just very happy that I don't like you're just Then you killed it was it seems that was just what was that last month? Yeah. I'm quitting. I'm quitting the company anytime.
Listen, it's four minutes that we got four minutes left. I want to ask you yes, because I'm in the middle of this and I'm not trying to be more involved, but I just want to know if you well know a very very honest question.
If you go through life and you never connect with these family members that you know about and where you're fairly certain. They don't know about you. Yeah, are you going to get to the end of your life? Are you going to regret that or you're going to be fine with that?
I think what am I trying to say?
I think if I had a different family life growing up, I'd be fine with that. I think that to me it feels like there's another there's like a weight could have maybe been different which is kind of crazy. And and that's that's something I think about is. Yeah, I don't know is that an answer? That's not an answer. It is makes total sense makes total sense.
I would imagine. Yeah, if you had a tumultuous childhood that left you without a foundation and you realize oh that and then there's this sort of like mirror image family. I wonder what it was actually like for them. I could see how that could ruin your guts. Right and I'm sure and you might know I'm sure that you know, things aren't probably weren't a hundred percent Rosie over there either Barrett for anybody ever. So right. So there's also that I have this kind of like preserve died.
You have asked what could have been very different and maybe it wouldn't have been who knows? Yeah, but it'll still that's thought that I'll stay in there.
So, I don't know. So maybe I you think I should send a the citizen father person of another message. Well, look at the end of the day cares what I think well, yeah. I mean, I know at the end of the day, I'm just gonna but I would just just on the level that it was important to you once and that we all know that Facebook has a folder where if you don't if you're not friends the person, you know High chance they never know about it.
I would just think just on that level you owe it to yourself to try to figure out at least another Way or two just because because that's the other thing right? What if this guy? Oh, what if this guy finds out about this mess and again no offense. I'm not trying to be ageist. But you know, this is someone who's clearly older maybe technology is not there. They maybe they don't know about this folder. I didn't know about this folder for years. So yeah, what if they open it up and see this message for years old and they go. Oh my God, I feel so guilty. It's been four years, you know, like there's that that might be happening right?
I guess it's not like he is He has threatened ignored me in reader than ignore me again, right? There you go.
You know what? You're very wise Chris. She's not really but I roll with the punches. There you go. I love that. Well, we got one minute left and I just want to say I just want to say once again the offers on the table. I know this is awkward and it's very strange that I've been.
In become a cog in this but human-to-human, I didn't mean to do that. No, I know you didn't I know you didn't put human-to-human if it ever hits a point. We were like, hey, I actually think I'd like to get in touch with that person, you know do reach back out to us because I can't I can I can make that I can what a weird thing to hear after all these years of you want to write this I could introduce you to your half-brother like tomorrow my good I could get that by like within a week I could could get this set up. So just let me know.
That's what I don't know but I appreciate that that offer so so much maybe by may maybe when they when the second convention comes around maybe will be a poem from Jerry Springer Shay. All right. No, we're not.
I joked about everywhere. We are not reuniting you with your family at the beautiful Khan in the Bauhaus. Okay. Well, I'll just eat English muffins and be cool through some karaoke. That sounds good to you a little bit of ours up. This was a fascinating one. I don't know how it'll who knows what the listeners think I can never protect predicted. But wow for me. This one goes.
Well, thank you. So so so much Chris for everything seriously' Thank you. Keep teaching the Youth of America and fighting the good fight and if there's anything you ever need from me as far as helping with this one. I'm happy to help well, thank you so much.
Caller, thank you. I'm gonna say thank you for calling. I'm also going to say you've hidden me a burden you've had any burden that I don't and I'm just kidding. I'm getting a figure it out. And if you ever need my help, I'm here. Thank you for calling. That was wild. Thank you Jared O'Connell to Harry Nelson to Shell shag about me Chris gifts. Com like the shell half of podcasts rate you subscribe.
Next time I'm beautiful anonymous.
Funny though because I am not British myself and I'm here defending them which is rather funny. No. No, I'm I'm actually originally from a Saturday but my parents actually from Morocco. This might be a fast in the show again. I don't think you've ever had any caller from North Africa in general. I have you I don't think so. So with your your of Morocco American descent born in Italy living in England.
Yes. Yes indeed.
That's next time on beautiful anonymous.
A caller in London talks to Geth about British & European politics, noting that there might be a problem with political parties founded by comedians. This episode is brought to you by Youre Not Listening, Brooklinen (www.brooklinen.com), Bombas (www.bombas.com/stories), and Teladoc (www.teladoc.com/stories).
READ LESS
Hello to everybody who had moved to Ireland in a heartbeat. It's beautiful Anonymous one hour one phone call. No names No Holds Barred everybody. According this mere days after Boris Johnson's win the elections in England UK and and our caller lives. There are calling lives there. So obviously it was on their mind a lot to say about it. I have a lot of questions because it's something I read a lot about but don't totally understand. It's not the entirety of the call. I will say that whether however you feel politically to hear someone who's on the ground in their own words expressing.
Their opinions nervousness their hopes, it's I feel like this one's gonna be viewed as a time capsule of what it's like to react to something that important politically in real-time with in literal days of it happening and then on top of it, we wind up talking a lot about dogs and what type of dog I should get should I ever get a dog we wind up talking about how nice people are in certain parts of the world. There's all kinds of stuff it it I will say I like this one because it has a thing. I always like in the show where when it has a stretch of that feels very serious.
It is followed by a stretch that feels like a couple people just chit chatting and joking and laughing. Enjoy.
Thank you for calling beautiful Anonymous a beeping noise will indicate when you are on the show with the host.
Hey, how's it going? Hey, how are you? How am I I'm doing good. I tell you I'm out in Los Angeles. I never make it out to Los Angeles. That's exciting.
It's warm. It's so warm compared to New York. I don't know why I've resisted moving here so often but I'm still not going to they just don't feel that they do what what kind of degrees are. We talking everything like Halls hardcore like and I like normal Hall normal hot Pleasant taught. Well, what does that mean, you know here in the UK pleasant thoughts about you know, 18 degrees celsius if we go any higher than that to make it much fun yesterday. We're talking Celsius. I don't idolize. But it's probably like 70 degrees Fahrenheit and I'm ignorant to the rest of the world because I'm a ignorant American.
So about 70 degree. What's a how about how does that convert? Do you know? I don't know something about the 60s or something like that. Like maybe an amazing 20 grade.
Well, we've had a sure everybody's titillated by our temperature conversions. Yeah. Sorry. I'm literally become the listener that I'm always like be soaking my son. Isn't it more exciting? It's fine. You ask me a question. Well, I'll tell you I'm a little distracted right now and it's my fault because we're connecting the studio in La back to the studio in New York and it was kind of there were some technical difficulties and I'm a little distracted and stressed out, but that's okay.
I am sorry these things. Hi. I was just a bit distracted because I was a helmet my boyfriend and I was like, I need to give the house to have a proper conversation. I think just about like, you know, you think about what you're going to say when you get on the show and you're gonna be really cool but Christopher specially from the UK and show their you know, we're not just terrible calls.
Yes trying my very best of all we've had good cause we've had some great calls from the UK. Some class listen to the show. Everybody says that but Mi came to your live show in London, not the latest one the one last year. Got it. Yeah, the one word that calling from Paris came free. Yeah, and I was just a bit like that was that was an interesting call. It's not as much as enjoyable as some others I would say, but that's just me I have to Hey, this is the first time I think maybe in the show's history that I call her has gone up and critiqued a prior call her.
That's the shame of ingesting as you know, slandering that yeah specially when you compare it to some other cause I have like, you know other really moved me or made me laugh out loud. It was just a bit very controversial to say the whole talk about masculinity. I was there with a friend of mine and we were just about that.
There's no very British. Yeah. Well, I will say I will say that yes, it seems that maybe it's Fit the British audiences wheelhouse and I'll ask the caller. If I remember I had some some pithy things to say about England and it sounds like maybe your return in the shop right now about our presents funny though because I'm not British myself. You're not here defending them which is rather funny. No. No, I'm actually originally from a Saturday but my parents actually from Morocco. So this might be a fast in the show again. I don't think you've ever had any colors from North Africa in general have you I don't think so. So with your your of Morocco American descent born in Italy living in England.
Yes. Yes indeed that was sort of the island, you know your kind of ancestry country and I can freely share your deep love for the country is definitely something that we can agree on the best people the nicest people in the world. I think. Oh my God the best people in the world of lived. For a few years and he was just happiest years of my life. I'd say yeah, I lived in County Wicklow which was to have you ever been to come to work little can't say that I have unless I drove through it and didn't realize along the way Ah, that's a shame. If you here we go back. I think that is definitely one of the loveliest counties and yeah, it's just really beautiful. It's really green. It's where PSI. Love you set.
All right. All right now, Now, when did you move from Italy because to my ears you have a pitch perfect English accent, but I know that we've talked about this on the show before we're Accents in England are very discernible to the English. Yes, and I would say that this is quite a fun story. So I studied in Edinburgh City.
So my English friends would say that have a Scottish line, but my Scottish friends would say that I have an English slang, which is quite fun. But you asked me when I mean to say that is I am I late twenties. Now I made when I was 18 and I move straight to Ireland first live there then moved to England the south of England then moved to Edinburgh and then moved again to London two years ago.
It does it does it feel like when one when it really is a so fascinating to see the n and I feel like this might be a strange thing to say right now to somebody calling from the UK, but it seems like when you are in Europe when you are a citizen of Europe, you were both the citizen of a country and of Europe at large and that story of bouncing around. I'm jealous of that. That's cool.
That's a cool way to If it is pretty cool, but as you my name is likely to come or to an end and you know is a time where I'm kind of considering my next steps should be oh there's a fox. Hello you staring at me.
You have to be kidding me.
Yes, and I live in quiet Alicia area of London so fucked up. A very very common. But this one was a young one. You could see to the still had the very very red far even though we're in Winter Kate really pretty try not to scare away. It's gone now afraid when I was Taylor, I was in London during the trip where you saw my show and I was yes, where was I sting Angel? Is that the name of the neighborhood angel and a fox walk down the middle of the sidewalk with an orange in its mouth?
And I thought wow I thought that was the most amazing thing that I've ever seen but then the crowd informed me that foxes have been hanging out in wanted more and more and someone told me the rumor is that because Fox hunts are now frowned upon that the explode that the population has exploded a little bit.
I don't know but I'm in London. I think it's Mercy that you know, we've taken over every single square of the city where they could have possibly lived. So now they just integrating the urban scenery and yes folks hunt. Is heavily frowned upon but has not made illegal. Yeah, they all the Posh people and their mr. Kratz will still go and this is a really terrible time because Boxing Day the 26th is hunting the day my brother entirety very sadly some of them that's what they do.
Unboxing is our tradition blow up rabbits and foxes.
It sounds like a bloody holiday. Sorry, sorry. Okay, your I feel like you're allowed to say buddy shit. If you call from the UK like that, you got a pass. I don't say that fox sighting just like fleabag a good show.
Ok. I'm OK. I think it's pretty much too late for me not to flee out myself, if anyone that I know listen, but fun fact, I was at the event on Sunday to see if you all a bridge in conversation about three very funny that you should mention it. And the answer is pretty incredible. Have you watched the enjoy it was great. It was great. You know, I'm just gonna gush a little bit but everybody's gushing about that show right now. So it's not the most original stuff. But I will I will say as a comedian who went to bat for myself and tried to create something original and unique in my voice.
I yeah always admire seeing someone else pull that off and she pulled that off as well as maybe anyone. I've seen it's rare, you know, you see like the stuff Garry Shandling. Did you see Ricky Gervais small office and a handful of other things that was her show and her voice and that's so cool to see and I'll say she's so hot in real life. Really. She's standing there how the fishies who are in as I owe my God, how are you so tall and beautiful and funny and just captivating. Betty was just yeah, there's a real guy she moment. Oh, so she was the same age as I am now and she started writing clear when I like damn it. I am slightly behind if we're all going to hold ourselves to the standards of someone who took a one-woman show and blazed through the entertainment industry on two continents.
Then we you can't hold yourself to those standards now. Can I no, I'm afraid. Can I ask you a question and I don't want to make any assumptions so correct me if I'm wrong. Now you have Moroccan roots. Yes, now pardon my ignorance and explain this to me my assumption and maybe totally ignorant. Do do you fit the physical image of someone in England? Because I only asked because I would imagine that that England no, not at all.
It's actually really interesting because it's a it's a buffer liminal space. Where you know the kind of Caucasian population, you know kind of like Aryan looking or not are in the king based on where they are and that is like, you know what you would expect as English I think in the Canon and then you have the other side of the population which is you know a gift from the Commonwealth really which is mostly South Asian descendants.
So there is a lot of people that You've reached can be tracked down to India and Pakistan and Bangladesh and I don't fit that kind of like visual either but if quite interesting because they do kind of stick a bit as a sore thumb and really really funny. I had tried to call previously during the Brazilian core and with a really funny story where I have Marie to South America whatsoever, but a lot of people I kind of guessed some whatever I'm Colombian and Brazilian very often because it just going to fit their narrative a bit better off with someone from this country. Looks like I ask because and I'm not sure if you don't want to speak about this if you had other plans, I'm all ears.
I just go for it. Go for it. Well, I guess looking for anything. I'm sure you see this question coming but I get the sense that the past few years. It's become a little bit more difficult or concerning to not fit the Caucasian image of the traditional England background. I get the sense that it's a little dicier these days.
Yes. Yes, you are. You're correct when it comes to that but I think in my case the thing that is quite interesting is the fact that I was born and grew up in Italy which is you know, without any Holds Barred really like the show with one to have it is one of the most richest countries in the whole of Europe. If not in my own personal opinion the whole of like, you know, the Northern Hemisphere vicious very I would say that if weapons whereas freely available in Italy as they are in the United States, and if you had that many people in a country, I think they'll be they'll be making headlines more Your Florida man or similar?
Is it a let me just be clear because I'm getting lots of little you're saying that your time in Italy you face a harshness that maybe we don't know as much about in the states. Yes. Yes. Absolutely, sir. Yeah living in the UK as a, you know, a woman of color. It's not the easiest thing but I think comparing it to my up bring it in Italy. It is much much easier. I have like Yeah, I've been subject to much stronger violence and kind of you know, kind of food in racism in their family, even though I was born there and I am Italian then I have had here in the UK. It's kind of like different forms of like, you know, racism of corner and Italy people are very upfront with their political views were in the UK is quite harsh kind of gauge whether someone is you know religion is so racist So it's kind of too late and you're like, oh God, we were friends kind of thing.
Does that make sense? It does it does. I mean, I guess I am aware that Italy has collected some people further to the right than usual and I get my God. It's literally not even the right is just the absolutely far right and like I don't know. It's just it's a bit of a joke. It started as a joke worth like really funny that you say that because the one of the biggest parties which is now in the fire ride was started by a comedian by comedian.
And yes, Cold better gorilla and he was a kind of prime time TV comedian. And then he years ago. He started a political party that was meant to be like Center left. And then in the last few years has gone all the way to the right which is yeah. It's kind of confusing but also kind of worrying because that's how classism really started. I gotta say as a comedian.
You shouldn't you should we shouldn't he trusts in comedians to run Ukraine the Ukrainian president.
I know comedians. They are dirt bags across the board. They are I mean not not 100% lazy a lazy people who want instant gratification and who live like vagabonds without roots. These are me know everybody and everybody so comedians absolutely delightful like yourself I'd say yeah, I will know listening to the show for years now. Like, you know, it's kind of like she's the morning listening to Christian my ears it's you know kind of reassuring but list of Russia comes out that's so kind of you and I'm glad to provide some reassurance that being said if you heard that I was creating a political party you wouldn't think that was convened smoothly the punk-rock cathodes.
Would that be it it would quick? Yeah, we could quickly just my lack of authority and ability to just organize. Things if it yeah quickly descend into some sort of like crazy Anarchy when you leave either fun today, you know that yeah. Yeah, no definitely so living in the UK has its challenges but after growing up in his home, I think I'm quite temperate for them.
And then yeah, and I think it kind of has its own challenges but like everywhere else if you kind of show some teeth people are less likely to come for you. Yeah, and you know having witnessed that many times I am the person that will scream a year and the tube if I see you're harassing other woman or harassing anyone else. I'll I very rarely stand back because it's just kind of reached limit. I have reached limit in general especially with this new election. And you know, we're a time when I first Johnson has want and you know, people can think whatever they want, but the conservatives and the Labour party, but I personally think this is a tragedy We're literally we're governed by someone who heads the fridge. He first. Did you see that Chris? Did you see it? What he what now?
You got swallowed up in your Pasadena Fred. Oh, yeah. I heard he hid in a fridge. I did hear something about it. I don't know the full story. But to of was it to avoid some reporters who had tough questions. He hidden a refrigerator. Yes, and then when he couldn't avoid the report anymore, he just took the reports a spoon and put in his pocket.
Hmm. I guess that's one strategy that Like yeah, and this is our prime minister now now have you ever heard of a show? Have you ever heard of American show from the 1980s called Punky Brewster?
No Punky Brewster. It was it's a great name for a show Punky Brewster was a show in a very specific time in the 80s and it fit a certain type of lovable cheesiness, but they had a very, you know back in the 80s. There were a lot of American TV shows that were comedies that would do a very special episode and this became like an infamous thing because they would tackle serious topics like Different Strokes had one Different Strokes had to actually one about kidnapping and one about how kids And avoid molestation, like real Family Ties had one about alcoholism that they would get really serious. Oh my God. Now Punky Brewster had an episode all about the dangers of never play if in refrigerators that if you see an old refrigerator and your kid might be tempted to get inside it but you can't really open them doors from the inside. You'll suffocate inside the fridge Punky Brewster in the 80s weren't as this now your leader.
Is falling into these trials Sky needs to watch some old episodes of Punky Brewster. We'll have to send it to him. So afraid to tell you when Tasha please do it. Yeah probably would look at it that you said that because it just reminded me of a really funny story Come On Son. My cousin locked me into a cupboard a cupboard and I thought that really finally I'd pretend to disappear and the climbing to the freezer, you know, there's big square and compass.
And freezers and as soon as I got in I couldn't open the lid anymore and Screen my eyes out. And then thankfully they got me out really quickly. So it was no trouble but you know, I just feel that the kind of Panic or Asperger's I all my God I could have died. It sounds to me like perhaps one of the greatest gifts America could spread to the world right now is to mass distribute that one episode of Punky Brewster from 30 years ago.
Let's go ahead and pause right there everybody cuz I think the impact of so many people nodding their heads at once agreeing with me about the cultural relevance of Punky Brewster 2019. We all need to catch my breath ads use the promo codes will be right back.
You ever run into a situation where you're traveling you're away from home. Maybe it's the middle of the night and you need a doctor that can be really scary. I travel all the time. I know this feeling coming down with something when I'm out doing stand-up and I'm in a city where I don't know anybody.
It can be really nerve-racking. I remember once being in Minneapolis and having a find a doctor last second and you're sitting there and you're stressing and we want my insurance this and all these questions, right? Well, guess what? Tell the doc gives you 24/7 access to board certified doctors anytime anywhere for non emergency conditions like a sinus infection allergies flu rashes and more that are board certified doctors can diagnose treat and prescribed medication when medically necessary to be delivered to the pharmacy of your choice tell the doc is available through most insurance or employers at $45 or less of visit. No appointments, no waiting rooms, and I'm going to go catch germs that one of those Urgent Care Air units, you know, you're not going to go to the ER and it's going to be shockingly more expensive than you thought tell the doc is here to get you back to feeling your best no matter when or where you are download the app today or visit tella doc. Com stories to register today. So you're ready when you need a doctor's care or schedule a doctor visit today.
Don't forget to download the app or visit Tela doc. Com stories.
We all know making small changes can be really positive can have a healthy effect on your lifestyle the right towel turns a bathroom into a spa you can make all these upgrades with Brooklyn and you know Brooklyn and as the internet's favorite sheets, but they're also home to betting loungewear towels and more with over 50,000 plus five star reviews and Counting now, they have everything for Life Essentials shower curtains bath mats, robes, totes fine. All details that help you make a big upgrade just this very morning. I stepped out of the shower and I stepped onto a Brooklyn and bath mat and it felt good under my feet to the degree that I noticed. I hadn't realized it was the Brooklyn and one that was out. And before I even look down I said, that's Brooklyn and right there then I grabbed myself a whole Good Old Brooklyn and towel and I dried myself off and I felt great about it is it's thick its fluffy. It works. I love it love my Brooklyn and stuff high quality stuff. You can hear my voice.
This is real Brooklyn. Com. It's the perfect place to start making small changes that make big differences Brooklyn and so confident in their product that all their sheets comforters loungewear and towels come with a lifetime warranty. So go on make yourself comfortable get 10% off your first order and free shipping when you use the promo code stories only at Brooklyn and. Com. That's be Roo KLA any n. Com promo code stories and he New Yorkers if you're listening you can get the internet's favorite sheets in real life. Visit Brooklyn's first store in Brooklyn at 127 Ken Evan, Williamsburg, Brooklyn. And everything you need to live your most comfortable life.
Thanks again to all of our advertisers now. We're going to move on from Punky Brewster into even more important topics. Perhaps one of the greatest gifts America could spread to the world right now is to mass distribute that one episode of Punky Brewster for 30 years ago. Sounds like just stream it continuously, you know HBO who just dreaming?
Yeah.
Um, well I in rotation now, I do feel like it. You've made it clear. You're not a fan of Boris Johnson, but we did find that you have something in common. We have found the common ground. You have both deliver eyes locked yourself in cold producing device food storage units. I really hope that my friends never here sit this episode and think that me and Barbara Johnson have something in common. I think I would lose my whole network in one go. So can I just ask it and that some people don't love when we got political on the shot. I'm asking Perfect Hey cuz I don't I do like Being an interested citizen of the world, but lastly since I got was that everyone was shocked at the degree to which that election just went for him.
Yes. What's really interesting is all true. I don't know if you how much you know about it, but me being Italian I was not allowed to vote. So I had to watch this unfold and kind of just doing my best to kind of talk and influence the people Around me but yes, there was a lot of shock but also not kind of like we were I work in quite a big office and we were saying to each other.
Don't be surprised prepare yourself for the worst. Like this will not go the way we wanted to go to just prepare yourself. And because it's done overnight many of us were awake in our own houses kind of like, you know, exchanging messages and the moment that exit polls come out which pretty much tell you that it's the BBC and ITV together telling you what they think there is also going to be and the rest are tragic and a lot of people were just like That's it. I'm going to bed. I can't watch this anymore.
But yes, there's a lot of surprise for a specific thing. Like I don't know how much you know about the kind of mining communities in England. Do you know anything about that? I know? Okay.
Here's what I know Cornish, right the Cornish have a lot of miners.
It's more than north of England. I assure again because it's like I know something but I wouldn't want to like, you know, give my whole opinion and then get betters in the Facebook group to I know that the miners have had a lot of strikes over the years and they are very generally put upon in that if I remember right Billy Bragg who's a hero of me.
He's written on my God. Billy Bragg, I love him. I love him more and more. And now I feel like I've come to love him more as Morrissey has become more and more of a quite concerning person. We could take Marcy and Germaine Greer and just shut them in a room together for the rest of their lives and just be like, please never go public again and just waiting to take each other. Who's Germaine Greer.
Okay, he is. Oh God. I'm going to get murdered in the Facebook group. I think if this ever goes out, She is a second wave feminist who when she just came out with her first like what her first big book II say was was very very popular and she was she made a massive impact at the time and she was really relevant and she spoke for women's rights and you know, just incredible figure but in recent years she has spoken.
Out against the trans community. So pretty much is shown her colors are as a transphobic and not acknowledging trans women as women which in my view which I think you know should be the common view anyone should be free to be who they truly are. And if I trans women if you identify the trans women to me, you're a woman there is no differences, but she has, you know been reported I say quite Harsh things worth of trans Community which you know, I don't agree at all.
And then we got Morrissey which we all know that you know, she just be a bit quieter God Moore's I got the tattoo on my shoulder. I got come on. Let's see you come on, I do feel you now. Let's talk about exactly because it's made me just fall in love with Billy Bragg even more and I know that he has a number of songs that are like Pro unions and a lot of that if I remember I was written in support of minors.
Yes, so yeah, just quick note here. I met him now. Everybody's going to know who I am. They know me but in my previous job we worked as Billy Bragg and I got to meet him and I can tell you have you ever met him never met him. But I've Seen Him Live Twice and they were two shows that made me feel like he is a magical human being who really is what he says he is he is delightful.
Hey, So kind and so lovely and really takes the time to like, you know, just getting other people that you know are around him and working on projects with him and he was just he's just really really sweet just you know, his age very gracefully and also he's a big fan of Billy eilish what you know, I I agree with yes, I'm fantastic. I'm going to sorry he's got some fantastic lyrics he has such an even split of pop songs and love. Songs and then also kind of badass.
Like political song Rising song. So this was about the miners that would that was a side track where you asked me if I knew anything about the miners and I used it to talk about Billy Bragg. What do I need to know about the miners in the context of what we're standing around for? Yeah in the north of England it's where you know when there was such a Time such a such a milk snatcher.
She closed a lot of Minds a lot of people lost their jobs, and she just, you know, pretty much made my very very difficult for a specific for a People about a specific area of North England and since then since her time that side of the UK specifically England has been historically labor. So what we call Red and now for the first time in decades, they have voted conservative.
They have voted for the same kind of political party. The Margaret Thatcher was part off and that is unheard of that. It was quite a big head to think that people who you know would think of themselves as working class and you know, kind of for the many not the few with vote someone like Boris Johnson and he's just yeah, it's very complicated and very upsetting and too bad Computing really so as you've mentioned that you weren't allowed to vote, so I assume that you are not you're not a citizen of England brexit. Humming.
Are you are you out of there? Do you have to do you have to leave? Are you opting to leave? We're going to try to stick it out. There is I know it's it's really confusing especially like it's really confusing for us living here. I imagine, you know, someone like the stage so you could apply for something called like a like indefinite stay.
So if you had lived here for five years and you could show a record of having paid your taxes and just you know, having had a job kind of generally you could apply for this stay. So that's what I have done and I have quite a lucky because I have quite strong record. I have studied here our University and I've been here for eight years.
So and I've always had a job and they could track my contributions that have done or my taxes. I'm a national insurance. So I do have this stay on my path. But and yes, for example, I'm going to Berlin at the end of January, which is really fun and coming back on the first of February. And yeah, I don't know what's going to happen. Maybe they'll stop me the airport. Maybe they won't maybe I'll have trouble I just don't know but I've got to do and see what happened, you know.
What a scary thing that you legitimately right now. It didn't sound like you were being melodramatic. It's not like you said you're prepared for a world in which you might get stopped and told hey times have changed. Yeah, because you know with this new government, they said 31st of January they want to get brexit done, but nobody knows what that looks like. So it's just one of these things where it's like, you know also has many many issues in the past where I've been in airports and my password is a tie My name isn't and people question it and sometimes the question aggressively so airports are you know, you know how it is airports are not places for fun and Giggles. So people take themselves in a very very seriously and they think they're going to save the world. So they just, you know pick on normal people just traveling through.
So that's already something that causes a lot of anxiety then on top of that having breakfast. He's just very Yeah, it's very tiring. I think now.
It's you've made it very clear that you're very liberal person Progressive person. Yeah, and not everybody out there who listens to the show is and I have better. Yeah, that's right. I do want to say you brought up a word in reference to Italy before but now you're talking about like you might just place you've lived for close to a decade and you are wondering am I gonna get stopped at the border after brexit you brought up the word Fascism. Do you really do you believe do you believe that the world you're living?
And the things you're seeing in the countries you visited. Is that is that word hyperbole to you, or are you really seeing that?
I this is so high. You know, if I start crying please forgive me, but I really wish from the bottom of my heart. I could say it's unfair that you know, it's not it can't be real but sadly the more I research and I'm worried speak to friends who live in other countries and the more I really look into it the more at this is becoming more and more of a reality.
It's a the rise of national parties as something that really scares me. I have really close friends that are Danish and live in Denmark and it's summer where I grow really often and the rise of the far right in the country that is, you know, been traditionally very liberal and same thing for Finland Greece having, you know, I rise in the far right Spain ascending node, really scary. It's just a lot Happening specifically in Europe. And this is you know, without even looking at something like the United States or Colombia or Guatemala or mainland China and what's happening in Hong Kong as well. It's just Yeah, history is a circle and you know.
You hate to say about what I interrupted. History might repeat itself. I really hope to be proven completely wrong, but I do feel like tough times ahead. I gotta say.
Become more and more with you Brazil went that way and the Philippines their leader is notorious for some of the stuff. He said and done and yeah, and then, you know, I just want to be clear too and I'm not trying to come down on anybody in particular had an episode recently. It was with a chef and I love that. He said was the best thing ever because I enjoyed it, but I asked him about and Anthony Bourdain quote about how all restaurants you know, the backbone relates to a lot of illegal immigrants and he verified that that was true and he and I kind of I think both both condemned some close-mindedness towards immigrants in recent years and a guy left a comment that I saw that said, I hate how anything right of Center you come down on as if everybody's like a maniac and I said, it's not everybody right A Center if you're out there I want to be clear because this episode has gone political if you're somebody who's out there and you're like, I think a welfare state I think the welfare state and I can speak to America, right? I think the welfare state is run poorly and creating more problems than Solutions if that's something you really believe. I don't agree, but I'm not going to be mad at you.
If you're somebody out there who says I believe that less taxes leads to more economic growth and that's better for everybody. I don't agree, but I'm not mad at you. But at the same time. At what point is it worth it? Because it hasn't been kids in cages. It hasn't been you know, is is money is a booming economy worth a president who has mocked disabled people on TV. Like is that that were like, yeah, you know like so it's I don't come down on anyone who's right of Center, but I do Wonder I do wonder why the more Fringe is allowed to be part of the team. Like they're allowed to hang out in the same locker room and everybody's willing to look the sink the other way for money and it's funny because there's probably a lot of people listening and to you and me right now going. Well fascism is an extreme word. It's not that bad and it's one of those things where it's like, well it's yeah, it's not that bad until it is and exactly and it's one of these things that rises what you know, In the shadow of what hideously right really it's not like someone steps up to a microphone and goes.
Hey, so, um shit's fucked up and evil right now. Like that's not how it goes. It's You inch towards doing more and more evil things and you see how much you can get away with until somebody draws the line and all over the world. Yeah, people aren't drawn the line and you mentioned mainland China. The yeah, it seems progressively clearer and clearer that there is a holocaust happening there. Yes tour. Yes. So are you religious group? I don't I ignorantly I don't want to mispronounce it but I believe it's the tiger group of yeah, I think say I'm afraid I don't know how to say there's a either but retirement but it sounds like I'd say concentration camps and and rumors of the government saying people are allowed to Leave and they're actually not you here really sick rumors of people having their organs removed and harvested and sold like this is a everybody says. Oh, yeah, you just say fascism. You can't just say the Holocaust but it's like at what point can I at what point is it truthful? And yeah, I can I don't want to be what I'd like to say to these people is yeah, you're lucky to be born when you're born because this is what I have come to learn with time that I was very Very lucky to be born have been boring, you know first world country some parents that you know, really took seriously both my education and well-being even though with her Cubs here and there, you know Burke who's not human but then I looked back and I like my life could have been so much different if my parents had just you know, it bothered me in Afghanistan just before the war or Iraq during you know dictatorship and then the war it's like, you know, we're it's just died.
Someone has rolled and you're born in the right place. That's not your right. That's just luck. Why are you taking that right away from other people? You wouldn't want your family to suffer or do you want someone else's family to die in front of them? Yeah. It's I guess that's my question before anybody gets mad at me and before anybody rolls their eyes and says, I'll get through. You're such a liberal.
I'm actually I will tell you I'm not as liberal as a lot of my friends.
I'm very solidly a democratic voter and a progressive think I but I'm not I'm not someone I'd bad. Now. You're allowed to be a Democrat. Well, it's I'm just saying like I'm not somebody I'm not somebody who really has ever gone out there and Proclaim myself a socialist and actually see there's a lot of things that maybe some of the more Progressive candidates are saying where I'm going.
I don't know if that's the right path like I'm open-minded, but before anybody gets Mad at me in the comments. I'll just ask let me know when let me know what it's going to take before you don't roll your eyes and just say I'm a liberal because as soon as it was yelling cages, that's when I just went.
Oh no, no. No, this is a fight. We need to be behind. I'm not doing it every kind of Texas and marched. So I'm a hypocrite. It's just like yes are She do you were saying this is your call and I'm off on a rant maybe but you know, this may be the last political thing to say because I feel like you know, it's becoming a very very very heavy, you know call but I have never been to the United States and you know, I'd love to but one of the reason why I haven't been yet. It's I'm scared.
That is all it is. I don't want to go, you know blusters and York and California, Florida and San Francisco, Massachusetts. This wonderful places but I don't want to get in a pain arrived there and then someone looks at me and just because you know Attica Rebecca, I don't look right stop me and make me feel uncomfortable.
And this is you know, this just might be my opinion, but that's at least one person. There reads a life are you know, and if I was still, you know 18 and lived in another country, I would look at the UK in the same way and be like Not welcome. I don't want to go that yeah, I got two reactions to that one.
Let's pause there. I'm sure everybody's waiting with bated breath for my two thoughts. I have the stew thoughts and many more thoughts when we get.
Even if you're out there trying to do the right thing eat kale salads drink smoothies that you're preparing all the ingredients yourself. I'm telling you. We all know it's still likely that you're not getting all the essential nutrients. You need on a daily basis enter ritual the obsessively researched vitamin for women ritual makes it so easy ritual really makes it easy for you to get everything you need in one place.
My wife has used ritual. He's very fond of it. I think the way that they approach everything makes sense. They're taking a lot of the stress. You don't you don't have to go and think about okay, I gotta go on the internet and research every single thing that I gotta go to the store and see if I can track down all the versions of those things know they do all that for you rituals Essentials have the nutrients most of us. Don't get enough up from food D3 omega-3. So many more all of these things in their clean absorbable forms. There's no Shady additives. There's no weird ingredients that you never even heard of of that do more harm than good to your body Better Health doesn't happen overnight. And right now ritual is offering my listeners 10% off during your first three months fill in the gaps in your diet with essential for women a small step that helps support a healthy foundation for your body visit ritual. Com stories to start your ritual today.
That's 10% off during it first three months at ritual. Com / stories.
Thanks to everybody uses those promo codes and supports the show. Now. Let's finish off this conversation.
Now I got two reactions to that one.
I will say that I still have so much love for my country and the people here and I bet that if you came here you have a great time and that's not just in the city. That's not just on the coast. I want to be clear on that too everywhere. I go and people are nice and States people are generally nice actually in New York. They're probably meaner than most other places in the country because it's so fast-paced, but you'd have a great time and I would just say you know, I think most of our listeners are American I would just say I hope everybody hears that you're speaking and you're clearly a good-humored.
Person who you've mentioned well-educated person. You've looked all over the world the idea that you're scared to come to America it breaks my heart.
It's good. Holly's for good people. No, it's not on you.
It's on it. That's just I feel like it's something that hopefully people here and go.
Well, that's not good.
People shouldn't be scared to come here on anyway.
Listen, we've already been talking for 40 minutes and I feel like I don't know your deal.
What's deal Who are you?
What's your deal? Oh God that has a really funny question. You really this is really funny that I've come through the phone call or specifically tonight because me and my boyfriend was sitting down and just putting down on paper what we need from each other and what we need from this relationship and what we're going to give it to say, I think my dear and now is just figuring out my place in This world and in you know in their relationships that are formed.
It's yeah, it's interesting. I've got a mention I did go to therapy for a while and then sadly had to move and all this kind of things when I haven't had time to sit myself down with another therapist, but my partner he's been in therapy for over three years. It's helping so much and it all started by listening to beautiful Anonymous years ago. I'm happy to help. Yeah, that's That's where like the first idea of like. Yeah, maybe you'll try this. We'll see how it goes and there yeah, sounds good. Well, I'm very happy that my willingness to admit that I am a largely Broken Man emotionally has demonstrated some vulnerability that had a positive effect on your partner pass on my good wishes in here is then that's one of the things that you know blend very recently by being vulnerable with the people around me.
Well with a bunch of broken Message and if we just admitted that a bit more we could actually help each other. That's all it's worked out for me. I mean people have been so kind about how I have so publicly mentioned that I Christ so often Kylie's good kind of cleansing and also I used to be a nanny and I realized they should look after some more children same age as your son if they start crying for no apparent reason and you cry back please stop.
Is that true? So true sorry. Is that true?
Yes, I've done it multiple times after let my son see me cry sooner rather than later weeks actually probably anyway, so we have given you and your wife.
Of course, I've given birth to a beautiful boy, you know teaching him to be vulnerable. I think it's one of these things that you know might be a wonderful gift. Give him a choice. He's so cute. Okay, he's so cute like a little fashion model baby. He's like what people think of when they think baby.
I can't imagine working for Gap and he goes that direction. I got it. Whatever is Jeeps are I got his back so your deal so you got a partner you figuring out your place in the world. You had some intense conversations about what you need out of your relationship. You're a true citizen of the world. What else? What's your job? Thanks.
That is I have a bit lost in the world to at the moment. I I do have a job that I really love but at the same time scientists things like how we're doing when I take it, you know, I work in really really interesting industry, which you might know something about which is publishing book publishing. I've dabbled and doubled in it Yeah, it's one of these things that it's really fascinating. It's one of those industries that you know, you are pretty much championing the Arts, you know, we should incredible but at the same time we closed Landis industry. There has been very white and very old for a really long time.
So to be Again, a woman of color in certain spaces, sometimes it's hard and it's hard to remind people that you know things there for them might be funny. There are dispensing with other people in my Lobby. Okay, but overall, it's great stuff.
Yeah, now can I ask because when I put out all my first book I was contracted to do so I wrote in then I walked away my second book. I was very very nervous about I have to they've given me an advance and I have to make sure this book sells enough. I don't want them with and then I was told that something like something insane like 85% of books don't make their Advanced back and lose money and that the industry is built in a way. Where it doesn't make any sense financially and everybody's just praying that they get the next JK Rowling or Stephen King and that's how these companies make their money true or false that yes or no?
Okay, because it depends what kind of Burke were talking here. For example, your book would be classified as celebrity book. You know, you are someone who has a name. Two people will recognize someone had that following other platforms such as pitiful Anonymous. So your back would be treated slightly differently. Then that's a someone who's written their first novel and let's say I love story and that's the first know what they've got treated very very differently.
Are you talking financially - no, are you being polite about sorry is this a treated financially or through the promotion of it or how much support they get treated differently? And house. So for example, I Like, you know, you treat bronze authors and celebrity author is very differently from a debut authors.
For example, you know, if you're going to work on someone like you and your book you're already working on the demographic that you already have the already created you go and Target this people you work around then you create events, you know, maybe in tandem with your own team who creates your own event, and if you're already building on a platform and just going to like Building a book platform around it.
Well, if it's a debut author you would have to build everything from scratch. So it is a bit more exciting if I may say so just working on it like reading the books you all enjoy them all but sometimes when it's like it's something completely new they don't know one and then you start building their name and building their like, you know following and then you can go back to people Death this behave incredible.
You've never read that you don't know who this person is, but I'm telling you you trust me on what after all this time for. This book is incredible reader when you put in people's hands and people love it and then you see it spreading like fire and it's like it's just exhilarating and this is very different from working with someone who's already known rolling more Stephen King.
Well, I'll tell you that sounds like a great experience.
How do publishing companies feel it?
That's someone who does have an existing fan base whose book still sells not well liked my most recent one that must be infuriating to them that they weren't. This guy's gotta fanbase. Let's give him a chunk of change and I was very happy with what they gave me and then it's also like garbage and I have felt sad I have felt so sad don't feel sad. The reason why you go to the Advance is because you wrote the book.
It's for your time writing the book. So don't feel bad. Look, sometimes they'll sometimes that's all maybe you know just wasn't the right time to publish. It may be something else in the on the market went against that, you know cannibalized all the ins or maybe just maybe your fan base are just listener more than reader an erection.
I don't know. I feel like I it's split its split a weird difference between self-help and comedy. I don't know if anybody. What it was and I think maybe I didn't hit the mark is clear. Who knows anyway, it's not about me. It's about you got 12 minutes left. What else? What else do I need you working publishing your woman of color trying to carve out a space in a traditionally white World hearing about your relationship. Yes. What else tell me whatever the best thing in the world.
I am the old fishing my colleagues dog for six days already end of December and beginning of January and I can't I've been paid the price for the last two years. They getting to have a dog Pacific dates gonna be the best thing in the world and I know you're not a dog person and you know, but I love you. Anyway, even though I do feel some type of way because you don't like the odds.
I've got a dog for 60 degrees and you're saying that you didn't think of pad and you're saying that's the best thing in the world. Yeah is the best thing in the world they cheered me up so much this morning when we were talking and she said, yes, you can have my dog for a Six-Day tiny. She's cute. Scott Scott curly like little far really sweet and he likes cuddles and I'm going to take you to the beach and when I buy her loads of my streets and it's gonna make a lovely place again for me, you know what I you know what I know follow me on Instagram.
You know what I've noticed that I really like about you is that when you get one when you get really excited about something your accents, which is between like four different accents.
Typical The more excited you get the more I'm like, whoa. Now, you're from Ireland or now. You're from Italy. Oh, yeah, you sound like you might be from Morocco Morocco. Like I feel the more excited you get the more it just transforms over and over again. Maybe that's a my deal is trying to figure out my accident.
No, yes. Past made me really really happy. This is the longest I've been without a pet my entire existence and I am suffering as a result you have any pets or maybe currently you don't I don't but my wife has made it very clear that it is not up for debate that if we have our kid and he's going to be an only child which he is that he needs a dog. She has said he can't grow up without a dog if he's going to be an only child and I have to begrudgingly admit that there's a lot of Truth in that to have a faithful companion. And so I guess I'm going to have a dog someday soon.
I don't have to March right call and I guess I'm have to March around in the winter and lean over and pick up its poop with my hands. I guess I'm going to have to do that now, I guess when I'm eating it's going to be begging me for my food and making me feel uncomfortable banging to my leg getting hair on my clothes and I bet I'll get the dog someday and two weeks later. Everybody's going to hear me on the show being. Like I love dogs so much and crying about how much I love my dog believe like always for that episode and maybe he he really an APA kind of dogs. But you kind of like cat I would recommend the Greyhound rescue Greyhounds ideally, but Greyhound are perfect mixer dog and cat.
I've never heard this because every cuddly really now what makes them. You never heard of greyhounds. I've heard of Gray. Hands, I'm no fool. But I've never heard that their part cat. Yes. No, no Greyhounds are not very rarely bark. They're more like lap dogs than anything else. They like, I think they need don't quote me on this, but I think they either like one good Sprinter day or maybe once every two days but for everything else, they're just very relaxed. They just like to sleep a lot.
They like to be cuddled and that's them really they like to curl up and the quite you know, so they're not a little too. Bauer's yapping a year and running everywhere which he knows what might have a dog I'd say yapping dogs, but a greyhound perfect for the gathered family Greyhound. I'll keep it and I convinced me. I will say my mother-in-law had what are the ones that chase the Sheep around?
Oh, this is whether calling those are the best as well. She had a border. Collie see I like that. Did you say border colors are sexy I said, that's sweet. Okay, so be sexy depending on what you like about them. Listen. Okay, we're not imagine if that came out with seven minutes left rear. I know I think animals are sexy and I will not and I'd be like, whoa, no, okay. Hold the phone.
All right, but a border collie was very smart and I like the idea. I will say the Border Collie was quite smart and it made it endearing but they need a lot of money. You have to have a garden for the cardio be cool if you didn't have a garden for it.
Does that make sense it does so they're not they're not good City dogs is what we're saying. No, you want a greyhound also looks really fashionable in cleans. I bet ever being this is what I'm imagining in my head. If you wearing a turtleneck with a greyhound and a little stroller with your booty in there walking around taking beautiful food from all over the world. Yeah that part I will say you've never been to New York liens is not the fashionable part of New York by hey.
Long shot by a long shot. But thank you for believing in me. My belief.
I like that.
This went from us having a man in a level of sharing our liberal politics to a degree that I think is going to inflame a portion of the listeners a sense of hopelessness about a rising tide of fascism in the world. And now it's looped around to us being like Greyhounds are nice. I like that's cool. I think that's what this show should be.
I think a think that she's and I definitely think you should get a dog that would probably get you and next book deal. If you put the dog in the front dog cell 7. I'm telling you haven't talked to another book make it up by the dog my book Bond so hard maybe I just need to write that something about dogs my book bombed. I don't know I can get your my I'm in my head about I don't know if it bombed. I don't know.
Oh, no don't say that. No, but I'm sure it's just fun its own, you know think sometimes put storm by is right away. Their eyes are throw up. You don't know sometimes I have sold something like a thousand copies and then p is then they just start kicking because someone just started something like a large cooking there where that person has said something and then people start buying the wicked he grows and grows and grows and grows and grows and go who knows maybe someday. I've tried to be an optimist like, you know, it's there. Yeah.
You've done such things, you know, at least you can take the book out of your list. It's fine. It's fine. I'm proud of it. I'm still proud of it. I just stress about stuff shit. Now. Let me ask you let's go back to some of the more tense topics from before cuz I'd regret if I didn't ask this if the worst happens and you feel like you do need to live leave this country that you lived in for years.
Yeah, where would you go because you've named some countries that concern you but what are the countries that you'd go? Maybe that's the place for me.
Right. So place where I'd love to live is Paris I visited many times but you know, I don't think it's one of the safest either but you know is Paris and it's beautiful and I'd love to live there because it's stunning a place that I think is really really underrated but it's absolutely stunning is Ljubljana Slovenia wonderful little city, wonderful just so friendly and warm and so I Could actually pleasing and very full of history.
But actual answer is Ireland a good back to ironing in a heartbeat. I know there is a lot of political problems there as well and there's a lot of issues but I don't think I've ever felt a home as much as I did in Ireland good to know. I might wind up there someday to I got my passport. I'm an Irish citizen now, I'm very good a babysitting if we bought another bucket that maybe I'll just move to us.
I think it's too rainy for my wife.
I like the rain I grew up loving more see I like rain rain feels to me like you were like the rain if you were here right now. I've been walking the streets of my neighborhood with rain falling on me. I love the rain hate dogs. Love the rain. What of drip what a pill I sound like I had I don't like dogs, but I love rain.
That's everyone who gets mad at me about not liking dogs is correct. I understand that my a Manipur. Peeling them anyway, Ireland why not? All right guys. Yes Island just stunning country. So people are so proud of being Irish, which I think is just really refreshing and they're really happy to share their culture and history with you and you know, just really welcoming felt. It was very very warm towards them.
Yeah if I got offered Right now and polishing I'd go right away wouldn't even think about it twice. Are you packing soon as this call was over if someone offered you had a good job in Ireland your app. You're on your way. Oh, yes. I'd be on my way right away. Yes. Oh just it's just too stunning. But yeah, how long have you I left one minute and 47 seconds.
Wow. Wow. I'm so cliche, but I'm gonna say it this really has gone fast. My Fitbit just told me I did 10,000 steps during this phone call 10,000 steps. Yes. I've just been walking round and round and round. I hope he didn't hear too many cars going by know the cars weren't concerning. There were a couple times. It sounded like low right now low level Jets have been flying above your head may there's just cars in my Posh neighborhood. Also really want to apologize about the constant hiccupping.
I just have Weird and rare condition with my stomach which every time I get so anxious for anything. My adrenaline glands kind of kick in it makes me do this weird town, which is kind of sounds like a hiccup, but it's not I have an accent. I haven't noticed it one time how you gonna drop to me that you got a weird hiccup condition with less than a minute left. How you gonna do that?
Sorry could ask you about your weird hiccup condition all time.
No, it's actually not that fun. Either is just my bowels are messed up and my guts are messed up and my love of this is messed up which but altogether and up in this kind of weird thing that can I make me look really rude when I talk to people sometimes and belt interface.
I'm so sorry to hear that. You've been struggling with that. That's about all the time. We got. What a nice what a crazy not to end that I'm so sorry that you're sick. Hope you feel better. It's fine. I hope in the long run very much. I gotta say long run. I hope you're okay. I hope I'm okay. I hope everybody's okay in the long run in the face of this is scary stuff going on Chris where hair there is a lot of people that still believe that you know, everybody deserves a taste of home and some food and you know, as long as this people fire around I think everybody will be roughly. Okay, you know don't enter your food banks everybody just donate at your food banks.
That's all that happened.
Thank you so much Corner. Let me know that a greyhound is the dog for me. I have a feeling there will be two tracks in the reaction to this episode some people who disagree with the politics and when you brought up and some people who even more passionately disagree with your choice and dog and tell me what type of dog really fits my personality.
Anyway, thank you for calling. Thank you for letting me know what it's like to be you. Thank you Jared O'Connell for all your help in the booth in New York.
Thank you to Sam key for her all the help in the In Los Angeles, I'm sitting and it was time.
Is that a headache champion? Thank you to Shag for the music on the more about me. I'm going on on the road Chris get. Com find out about that. Hey, if you want to help the show go to a podcast rate review subscribe helps a lot when you do see you next.
Next time on beautiful Anonymous. What's it like to be up close and personal with someone who has a psychotic break?
In the drive thru line to get some fast food chicken, this caller tells Geth about dealing with the aftermath of her husbands psychotic break. This episode is brought to you by Teladoc (www.teladoc.com/stories).
Hello to everybody in the Drive-Thru line. It's beautiful Anonymous one hour one phone call. No names No Holds Barred.
I'd rather no one on one. I think it'll be more beautiful and I am lucky to be your host here on this show where we use phones to And each other that humans are alike and we empathize with each other and we consider one another stories and it's a breath of fresh air for me.
And I hope this for you as well San Francisco the Bay Area and General northern California. Let's not forget this weekend. We're doing a live Beautiful Anonymous taping as part of San Fran sketchfest doing a tribute to the Chris gethard show. There are tickets still available to both. I would love it if you came out so that the crowds aren't small and pressing. Maybe I'll see you there have to thank The Facebook group last week's episode.
I tell you I was very worried. We put our political stuff. Sometimes it gets divisive. Sometimes people like to you know, people get really angry at each other and the Facebook group people were expressing their concerns about the political side, but more often than not people just recommending what type of dog I should get when I moved to the suburbs lovely people there also many people volunteering were getting all movement going for transcriptions transcribing episodes for people who can't hear we've been saying we're going to do it for years, and we've been slowly chipping away.
To put a friend Jordan is the intern on the show spearheading. We got 73 people right now volunteering to transcribe episodes. It's awesome. This week's episode. It's a tough one a lot of mental health stuff. I'll tell you it definitely tugged at some of the some of the issues. I have sure for other people out there who have had mental breaks or more specifically been around people who have had mental breaks.
It's gonna be a tough one this caller lived with someone one of the closest people in her life. I've suffered through one of these incidents we get to hear about the specifics of it and how it affects those people around you when it happens hard to consider for someone who has happened to like me. I do want to say just one caveat to put out there.
You will hear that part of what led to this episode was a bad reaction to some medications totally understandable. It is an experience that happens for people just want to say on my end. I want to make sure that we're not demonizing medications they enough works for me. And under the care of a doctor, they might work for you. Some people will have bad reactions. Some people it might save your life. So didn't get a chance to state that in the call itself. Wanted to make sure I did now that being said this one may offer some sympathy to other people out there who are suffering. So hope you get something out of this call.
Thank you for calling beautiful Anonymous a beeping noise will indicate when you are on the show with the host.
Hello. Hi. Oh my fucking god, is this Chris?
Yeah. Yeah. I don't know.
Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. I'm in line at Chick-fil-A to get lunch. This is amazing.
You're in line at Chick-fil-A to Lunch and you're talking to me on the phone now, I do want to say immediately Chick-fil-A question some questionable morals. I'll put it out there.
I understand that great chicken though questionable morals. I feel really bad that I'm about to get some bigot chicken, but I'm real hungry and I'm too lazy to cook Joe. It's just so good.
Okay to each their own. Yeah, I mean you're gonna you're gonna take some Guff for it.
And I know I know listen everyone. I'm really sorry if it makes anyone feel any better. I had a long day. I'm a social worker and a high school and a bunch of my kids were hospitalized over Christmas break and I skipped my lunch so that I can see more students. So I just really hungry and I needed to treat myself.
So, okay. One feel better about my moral choices.
Okay fair and I feel like I feel like I've also made it clear Chick-fil-A. Not not cool. Not cool.
Not cool. Chick Filet was an under tint not cool Chick-fil-A. I'm in a grand. I did tell myself that maybe in 2020. I should rethink where I am eating in alignment with My Views.
It's interested. I just heard Cory Booker say a pretty I thought it was pretty amazing thing in this is certainly not a Tickle endorsement because a jersey guy like the guy he said he was like, I really think that Americans need to start thinking about how to be activists with the money you spend and I think there's truth with that.
Yeah, I think yeah sure. Hi I find yeah for sure because and the end you are supporting someone at the higher top and your money as funneling to someone that maybe doesn't, you know have the greatest view point and at the end of the day Is that where you know, is that what streamline you want your money to be down?
So until I guess yeah, and he was saying he's saying to he's like, you know, if you really love the environment one simple thing you can do is shop for used clothes because clothing manufacturing. It's just an endless use of resources when there's so much clothing already existing in the world. It's like, oh that's a very interesting thing to think about.
Mr. Booker. I know we're getting real philosophical. Here. We are. They feel bad that circle is about to swipe my card. I also apologize in advance because I'm about to go up to the window and I hope they don't say my name.
Well bleep it. So you're in the Drive-Thru. Okay. Yes.
I am wouldn't I was talking to Jared? They were like hello. Hello could I had just pulled up to the window and I just pretended like I couldn't hear them fair is fair. So, you know took place dealing with a lot for me to say but how are you Chris? I'm still sorry. I'm Talking a lot and I'm still in shock that I actually got through and I'm on the line with you and I'm freaking out and I'm wishing I wasn't in the fucking Chick-fil-A line right now. Sorry Sally.
Listen, you never have to apologize for talking on this talk based podcast.
Never true. I'm good.
But how was your afternoon? Pretty good?
Pretty good. I would say I got listen your wolf was out of T today. They have to restock their stuff for the uh, New Year. And I went down and I got a theory that place it's not good. How do you mess up T?
That's my question through and what what flavor was it?
Was it just Earl Grey regular tea. Oh, how do you mess up Earl? Grey just drawn on drop the bag in the hot water and let's all move on with their day.
But it just tastes off tastes funny.
That's where I'm at. So in other words, I very few problems in my life and feel very glad you're.
All righty.
Yeah. I mean, I just I just remind myself. I'm Good days. I just tried to remind myself that I have a very lucky life and I try to get in touch with it. Yeah, definitely scared and I'm scared that world war three is trending on Twitter. Don't love that today.
See this is why I don't go on Twitter hitter is too scary for me. Yeah, everything is scary this world. I can't yeah, I that's one social media platforms that I avoid away. I'm not to go up to the window and oh, sorry.
Hi.
And so sorry Chris apologize to me so much as the lgbtq community, but that's neither here nor there.
I guess you've apologized.
Okay, I'm Fair.
Okay.
Sorry about that, Chris. But I'm gonna pull over quite a good service, but I was telling dirt on the phone that I've you know with 20/20 and my career and like some stuff. I've had to have it recently my personal life. I've just thinking of been thinking a lot about you know mental health, which you talk about a lot and how I'm you know kind of changing my thinking in my career path moving forward.
Okay. Yeah. I mean you met based on what you mentioned it sounds You have quite the intense career, you mentioned your social worker and you work with kids and some of them have been hospitalized. I hope everybody's okay.
Yeah, you know, it's I had a feeling that this would happen but it doesn't mean that it doesn't fill, you know her and affect me. I try my hardest to prep all my students coming into the holidays, you know, they're excited to have off pool, but there's often a downside to that that people don't talk about that. That means you're spending more time with people who are possibly triggering for you.
And more time just hanging out in those may be negative family Dynamics. And what does that look like for everyone?
So to get some background so I work for an outpatient agency that has a contract with the local school district and a lot of schools are often requiring that schools or districts have Partnerships with an outpatient mental health agency and what Clinician takes space in the school and has a caseload and they seek it students during the day like a student would go to a you know, a therapist and see them and have sessions and things of that nature. So I take face primarily in a high school. I have a caseload of about 60 kids, and I just I have a room with a phone and their schedules and I spend my whole day trying to beg teachers to let their Kids out of class to come and have an individual therapy session with me.
Wow.
Wow, and teachers are resistant towards this.
Oh my God, I get so much sass on the phone. We're working on something very important right now, which I get it. It's a constant balance because you know, they're aware that what I'm doing is important, but what is happening academically as also important so I often kind of have to battle a little bit with people like well, can you send them in 20 minutes? Can they, you know, can you just give them the worksheet for the day?
What's their grade in the class if they're doing? Okay, can we agree that they can be sent down to my room?
Yeah, it's hard. Sometimes at the end of the day. I'm like look your school that you work at agreed to the service. So and they're on my caseload. So quite frankly. You're going to have to give them to me at some point.
Yeah. Yeah, and I would it's not imagine that prioritizing the health and well-being of a child. Is what everybody's going for?
Just yeah islands.
Yeah, so it's I mean, I'm really glad that like and it's a thing that exists I think back so much to myself in high school and I'm like, wow, this service would have been amazing for myself to other people.
Me too. Yeah.
Right, like just someone that I could like go and like shoot the shit with and you know vent about my day and then go back to class like that sounds pretty nice for someone who's going to like a lot of my job is also advocating with the school staff and being like hey, this person was a lot going on in their life. So no, they're not going to come into first period and be like super on the ball and functioning because I guess just about screened up that morning.
Yeah, so and I do really enjoy my job.
It's really hard sometimes and this is Is one of those moments coming back from winter break where I was trying to mentally prepare myself, but I was not prepared for the extent of my students that got hospitalized or utilized mobile crisis services.
So yeah, it's hard really hard is that is there an aspect with social workers?
And I'm just just out of pure interest I would imagine that.
Hearing these stories, especially working with kids and seeing them in tough circumstances. You have to develop a very thick skin to be able to emotionally keep going back but is someone who has a very thick skin towards these situations the best equipped to be a social worker in other words does its job?
Where are you down in a place where you almost? You know, like someone we got thick skin might not be able to tap into empathy as much as they did in the beginning.
Yeah, it's so funny that you say that because I just like I'm the kind of person I like to like write down and visualize my goals for the year and I just had a conversation with my husband and my close friend about this. I don't necessarily have the problem with it in my job. It's more so when I leave my job and I try to live my normal life that I Then find myself being very cold or lack of empathy because I'm like, well, I'm talking to these kids about these other big problem.
So and your problem sounds really small so get over it.
Right? Right, not that hard.
But I do find myself inadvertently just being like really cold to people or just like empathy doubt. Like I'm kind of like I'm really done for the day. So, you know, like my husband when you come home to tell me the story like Sometimes I'm like dude you make good money like deal with it and it's not always like that's really hard. And that's something I've been struggling with and trying to figure out what is the balance of that because you know people's problems and anxieties are relative to their life and I don't need to always put the on this scale of like, well this student I have been going through this for your problem is small right, right.
and that is the thing I've had to learn as I get older is it's not a people's problems are not a pissing contest, you know, like something something something that's putting pressure on an individual is putting that pressure and they deserve to sort out that pressure release like you said on the scale of where they're at and what they're Foundation.
Is she okay.
That is my work phone ringing.
I thought you had like hung out in the ball pit at Chick-fil-A. Do they have that?
There's that just match it.
Will God a ball pit a Chick-fil-A would be the darkest place on planet Earth. Oh god.
Oh, yeah. People were just like going there to cry.
Yeah.
Yeah, it would be like the people that like felt really guilty about making purchases.
He would just find them in the ball pit.
Yes to try to go I can't do this anymore.
Yeah.
That's but no I was yeah, you're saying all right, sorry.
So what kind of what I've been struggling with and what I said on the phone before I got an online with you. So I am married and my husband as of we've been together for about five years and as of recently I would say him and I have had like a really rough few years. We left where we were living and where we were very Comfortable and moved to the next state over for me to go to grad school.
And when we move there like my husband didn't have a job.
He was just kind of ending his military career and you know big unknown and since then we've made it through and we're in a really good space now, but it hasn't been without its like very intense ups and downs and I would say in 2019 like it my husband just started really really feeling all of the way, especially considering that when I was in grad school. He was our main provider and he wasn't making as good of a salary as he is now and it was just it was all really stressful and he carries the he comes from a military family. So he carries a lot of stuff with him that goes into being born into a military family how he was raised and then him going into the military itself.
So you know me being Mental health clinician and being someone who utilizes anti-anxiety medications I you know was like, I think we need to go talk to someone. I think you would be a great candidate for Med blah blah blah and to make a long story short. My husband ended up having a psychotic break as a result of being prescribed meds.
That's not good.
Yeah, so that happened at the end of September in 2018. Lean, and it just it made me question everything. I thought I know.
Because how can I first off?
How did I as a mental health professional? How did I not recognize what was going on? It made me feel really stupid. And then how do I move forward in my career recommending the same path to other people knowing that my husband had a really terrible result on it.
That's scary stuff.
Yeah.
Sorry de damper the mood.
No, I mean welcome to beautiful Anonymous. That's everything's worth talking about here. Sometimes we go on we go to the dark places. So a couple questions. Did your can I ask did your husband your husband see combat when he was serving?
No, he was not deployed. He was someone who Like missions and different places. So whether that be missions being that you are called to a place for a certain amount of time for a specific job. So he's done missions in other countries and here in the US but those were often like short stints of time right and then he spent on like the second part of his career doing the reserves and you know kind of trying to balance being reserves and being a normal person was a full-time job as well, right?
All right, so Tough questions. Yeah, go ahead.
Well, I've had some you know, I've put out there that I've had some incidents where I feel like I really kind of disconnected in a lot of ways but I don't think I've ever had a full-on psychotic break. I don't think any doctor would say that what's that? What's that look like when you're the when you're the spouse the person who's probably most up-close-and-personal to that. What are the What are the things that started happening? Yeah, you say that you missed.
That's good place to pause.
What are the things you miss? So be eye-opening.
I'm sure if that answer and more when we come back in the meantime check out these advertisements.
With joy bird your personal one-of-a-kind style should match your furniture bring your mood boards to life with hundreds of customizable pieces and over 50 Fabric and leather options Three Shades of wood and over 250 unique Silhouettes from Joy bird fabric Swatch kits allow you to see and touch all of their Fabrics to find the perfect choice tell you what I am moving to a house instead of an apartment going out got ourselves. A joy bird couch and I'll tell you why it's not because they're an advertiser's because they're a good company. My wife loves their stuff said we gotta have this as the centerpiece of our living room Joy bird. It's no joke each piece is made with Ultimate Care and precision using real wood and responsibly sourced materials that all those harmful chemicals create furniture that matches your own Fearless style at Joy bird. Com, / beautiful 25, see how Joy bird can help make your dream space for real. 80 today at Joy bird. Com beautiful 25 go to Joy bird. Com beautiful 25 receive an exclusive offer for 25% off your first order by using the code beautiful 25.
Thanks to all of our advertisers get back to the conversation.
What are the things that started happening? Yeah, you say that you missed.
Yeah.
Yeah, and that's what I've been struggling with. I think anyone would blame themselves and then add in that extra layer that I am a mental health professional like it just it made me feel like the shittiest person in the world to be oughta a lot of I struggle with a lot of self-blame and then I feel like I'm not allowed to feel bad about it because I'm not the one that experience the so I need to get over it like It's so many complicated feelings mixed into it kind of what the big thing that happened that I look back on and I'm like I should have known his sleeping was the big thing. My husband has always had a lot of difficulty sleeping but you know him and I have worked a lot through the years and like, you know developing a bedtime routine. Our room is only made for sleeping blah blah blah and I go to bed really early and I saw all asleep very easily. So one of the things that was happening that I learned after the fact was that my husband was like staying up till all hours of the morning kind of doing bizarre things and then I would wake up in the morning and he would kind of pretend like everything was fine or everything would look fine for my perspective. So in the car there was kind of like a big event that happened where he he really broke if you call it that but in the couple days leading up to I am able to look back and realize that I didn't see some things and because they were often happening in the middle of the night when I was asleep.
And when you say bizarre things, what's that entail?
Um, so for example, my husband still works on a military base and so he still interacts with military people and like he has a government boss. And for example, I didn't realize this he Luckily, his government boss is very kind and has dealt with PTSD like my husband ended up like calling him in the middle of the night and then not making sense.
And then he also called his mom and like wasn't really making sense. I guess my husband also started like he would be like deeply perusing the internet and I think just like looking at things that weren't great for his mental health. He started to become very paranoid that like, People were watching him or out to get him and just you know watching YouTube videos and videos and stuff online that kind of confirmed that for him.
Yeah real rabbit hole.
Yes.
Yeah, so it was it was like a lot of the media that he was consuming. We have sense like cut off access to is that make sense without being controlling like he was watching a particular show on HBO or Showtime or something like that?
Was it has like a lot of symbolism and stuff in it and he was kind of starting to go like ramp at once like then trying to relay that to symbolism in our own life and feeling like people were following him or out to get us right.
I hear what you're saying.
So like you yeah, I don't know if this is the show.
I mean, it's I don't feel like I'm outing anybody but like a show like True Detective I could see like it's got all these things about conspiracies and you start to convince yourselves o though, those are based in reality and the reality they're based in a place directly to me. Yeah, yeah, exactly.
It's a perfect example all wow, that's really hard.
And if you know, it's so scary now too because There's so many plate. There's so much information at our fingertips now and there's whole worlds of information that you can dive into that. You're amongst other people who agree with it, or see it as real and you can spend a lot of time just dwelling in places that already agree with and perpetuate and validate the things you're thinking and that's really scary. All these different corners of yeah, you know the places you hear about Reddit and 4chan and all these This is where you can you can find the other people who yeah, you have you get confirmation bias pretty right, right. And and and since you're just a name on a screen or sometimes just a passive reader alerting other people aren't even it's not a community where other people can sense though. This person is actually under duress. I should reach out and help her explain myself more.
That's really it's a really scary aspect of the world right now.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, and I think you know, like all of us have our own sensitivity and you know him being sensitive to those things. I kind of didn't realize like whoa, like the shows were watching like you said like something like True Detective or something like that where they're talking. Let's say about government conspiracies or this that like, you know that I would just consider like oh that's a cool interesting show to watch like I realized now, he's much more sensitive to it and maybe we need to really think through like the media that we're consuming and how that may or may Not trigger one of us.
Right right. And now you said if I will can I just tell you side note on my old TV show which was admittedly a very crazy show. We once did a bit our show was failing the ratings weren't good and Will Ferrell came on as a guess and and and he was an executive producer on our show in the pit. We did was that came on and we dressed him up as like a pagan priests and antlers and platform boots. He's already this tall guy and then I was like strip naked and covered in blood and the whole bit was like we're gonna do this ceremony to try to get our ratings through the roof and I thought it was I thought it was pretty clearly like an over-the-top kind of insane comedy bit where we were very clearly stating that this was a joke, but someone on the internet found took the footage and kind of slowed it down and made it feel more Sinister and creepy and said it was proof that Will Ferrell is part of A cabal of Hollywood insiders and it got so far that they said I was a part of pizza gate which is this online consumers now and I barely know anything about it, but it's the thing. We're famously a guy like showed up at a pizza place with a gun because he thought the Clinton his were like running some sort of some sort of I think like underground sex trafficking ring.
I'm like, yeah, they thought it was like some like pornography child sex trafficking. At this random Pizza Palace Place someone who worked on my show found this and thought it was really hilarious.
And then I found the guys talking about I think they found it through read it and then I went in with my username on Reddit which is my name is started posting on it and like having fun thing. It was funny to be like, oh, yeah, me and Will Ferrell and Marina Abramovic. We're always hanging out and they all started saying see it's real it's real and then I was like, no it's not and then I deleted all my posts and then they said, It's a cover-up now, he's covering himself. I was a wow.
These people are really think that I've part of pizza gate. This is and I just want to go on record. I'm not part of pizza gate. No way.
I don't even really know what it is.
But it's I've survived some point being I've seen these walls up close.
Now. You said that when your husband got under real dress if I remember it, you said that actually when he went on medication things got worse.
Yeah, was that before he fell down this Rabbit Hole or did did everything happened then he got put on.
Medication and it was like fuel on the fire. What was the timeline on that? It was pretty much fuel on the fire.
So I'm sure you know this and I know this myself from like being on meds and being a clinician, you know, there is that small percentage that the meds can really like not agree with your brain chemistry essentially and it can have psychotic features and turns out my husband as one of that very small percentage of people that that happened to that's our total especially when you're Your you know, he had a lot of High Hopes. I had a lot of high hopes and that's the thing to anyone that has taken mental health medication knows that there are like, sometimes there's a waiting period there are there can be initial side effects that fade away.
So I interpreted some of the symptoms that he was having as initial side effects and kept cheering him on and being like this is okay. They'll disappear like I experienced a lot of these symptoms when I first started my Med and you know, I'm doing right now. And I just at least give me feeling really really terrible because he looked to me so much to help him and supporting him and because I said it was okay. He went along with it.
Right but you're also in a profession where I'm sure you've helped facilitate other people going on medications where it helped greatly.
Yeah.
And and how do I how do I reason with that? And how do I continue to recommend people knowing that this happened to my and right Right, and then it's been really hard but going back to one of your original questions essentially the I think the lack of sleep really culminated and made everything like 10 times worse because I'm sure you know what other people know when you are not getting sleep that really really fucks with your brain.
Yeah.
And he like essentially when we kind of backed calculated things. He really got like barely ten hours of sleep over three or four days and which I think he was just kind of kind of what kind of what just like deepening and to be like intense psychotic socks.
Yeah. I mean, I know when I was at my worst I think back and it's unbelievable for like Couple years, I would I would have this problem when I was constantly waking up in a panic thinking I was late or that I'd slept through an alarm and it was just kind of waking up four or five times a night so I know exactly you talking about and then so he gets he's already struggling.
He's already getting into this conspiracy paranoid mindset. He's not sleeping you sense it you go on medication. And when when you say that that sent things over the top to this point where you're scared to even Recommend this to people can I know it's tough to relive? Can I can I ask what that looked like?
Yeah.
Yeah. I try and like, you know almost do a little bit of Trauma narrative on myself and let the more I talk about it the less taboo. It'll feel and scary it will feel so essentially the kind of culmination of everything that happened was it was another thing where I was asleep and I woke up to him. It was like, I don't know two three in the morning. I was in the middle of the night and I woke up to him like, you know flipping the light switch on and being like bed bed bit like up.
I was like what? What and then all of a sudden he wasn't making any sense and I you know, I'm kind of in that sleepy eyed and it was kind of like my clinical brain snapped on and I realized very quickly that things were wrong. He wasn't making any sense. I couldn't understand get him to say why he had woken me up. What was going on?
I was like, did you ever fall asleep? No, I never fell asleep.
And I was like, okay. I was like, you know I said, you're not really making some friends. Don't worry. I think you just need some sleep. I was like, I'm going to go to the bathroom real quick. And then we're going to sit together and we're going to threaten distract ourselves and we're going to fall back asleep and everything's going to be fine.
So I'm not too worried at that point essentially in the very short time that I walked across the hall to go to the bathroom. My husband became paranoid that I was going to kill him and he took off in the middle of the night with my car.
Wow.
Yeah, so when I kind of backpack and fell through the night and not Split Second, I guess he decided that I was going to kill him and he ran down the stairs grab my keys. The first thing that he could find and ran outside. We have street parking at the time. So by the time I realized what was going on, I took off running after him, but I was kind of And he was visibly running away from me.
And of course, I couldn't find his keys. He frequently loses his keys. So that's kind of the comical peace. And all of this is that he had lost his keys and that's why he took my car because my keys were hanging up on the little key ring thing that we had.
But yeah, so back to show his perspective he woke up. He thought that I was trying to kill him when I got up when he left the dog wind because He was leaving and he took that as hearing her wind. He thought that I had killed her and that I was going to kill him next so that's why he took off running and took off driving in my car.
So do you have to call do you have to call 9-1-1 at that point.
Do you say like my yeah, so if it took me awhile at like I knew it was going on, but it took me a second to realize like this is really happening.
I I tried to run down after him. Like I just kind of after I tried to run after him and he drove right past me. I was kind of stood there for a moment Frozen in panic. Like what? No what no one trains you for this. What do you do?
Yeah, so I ran back inside trying to find his keys to realize that.
I didn't know where they were. So then my brains trying to formulate what to do. I didn't call the cops and they ended up coming and we're very kind. I let them know what had happened in the meantime. So his parents live two counties over from us about an hour drive. So I was able to wake up his parents and let them know what had happened.
But the whole time it was really hard for me to explain that like we didn't have a fight. I wouldn't call the cops. If he left in the middle of us having a fight like this is much more serious than that and people weren't understanding that that was going on right they think that there's a motive.
Well, that's the thing about it being driven by mental illness is the fact that this isn't driven by something logical or justifiable is the issue. That's the thing. I had trouble explaining to some people in my life was people would just go. Well, that doesn't Things you're describing don't make sense.
And I'd go. Yeah, well that and that and that is the issue is that I convinced myself of things that aren't rooted in any foundation in the that that that's what we have to deal with not the actual content of what I'm so upset about the actual fact that I am unmoored from a foundation. So yeah. So how does he how does he wind up safe and sound?
So I called the police I get his parents awake and important factor in the story is my husband is African-American. I am not and all of the Dynamics that go into that and there and belief as a cultural belief or non-belief as a culture in excuse me, Mental Health Services and medication and things like that. And that's been a huge factor in this as well.
So kind of mix them stories essentially his mom really wasn't understanding and got very mad at me initially that I called the cops and you know, like why would you do that? He's a young black male. Like it just became all sorts of convoluted in the me trying to explain like we didn't get in a fight, you know us this that isn't the type of couple that we are like I wouldn't call you at 3:00 in the morning if this wasn't serious, right, right.
So from my husband's perspective, he intended to drive his parents, which I had a feeling that he would in. I was calling him. It wasn't going through in the midst of him driving. He got kind of lost was convinced that trucks were following him and ended up throwing his phone out the window because he thought they could hear him and track him whoever they is.
That's really scary scary stuff that he's gone through that night. I have to say to you can from his parents perspective from his mom's perspective. Like I get it I get it, you know in 2019 and you know for a number of years now, it's really built to a head the idea of like if you're a young black male and you're behaving erratically and you get pulled over right now, that is a scary thing for ya that person's parent like that. That is it.
In the emotion of the Moment In the Heat of it. It sucks that it came at you know came at you but it's also I understand that I understand why you're so scared. That's that's this is bad for everybody.
Yeah. So, like I said, it should have taken him maybe 40 minutes to an hour to get to his parents house and it took him a lot longer than that. So this was just me by that point. I had found the keys to his car, but I'm paralyzed in fear because I have A feeling he might go to his parents, but what if I what if I leave and he comes back and I'm not fair his parents are up waiting.
So and the police are continuing to call me and check on me and make sure I'm okay.
So essentially eventually he did make his way to his parents about two hours later. He showed up at his parents house.
And they stayed awake on the phone and they by then they had also calm down and they understood more. They knew that he had started these new meds didn't realize the extent to which you know, things weren't going well.
So he reached his parents house and I ended up I immediately got into his car and drove their myself from his perspective. He can't really quite figure out when he kind of came to he says that once he got to his Parents house and and really saw the look of concern and realized kind of what was going on that he kind of was able to like snap out of it.
I guess you could say, yeah.
Yeah, and from there you got to kind of rebuild everything reconcile with just have yeah.
And that's pause conversation. This is an intense one lot of emotions experiences.
You know, I think we need to take a breath and if we're gonna do that, anyway, let's get the advertisements going check them out.
We'll be right back.
Thanks again to all our sponsors now. Let's finish off the conversation.
And from there you got to kind of rebuild everything reconcile with just how yeah.
Yeah.
So, yeah, so and it's been really hard on both of us and really hard on our marriage and I think trust in general because You know initially he was very very distrustful of me. I mean not even discount the fact that he thought I was going to kill him. He thought I killed their dog. Right? So, you know reasoning was that with also like I love you and I trust you, but you put this on this you put me on this medication and look what happened.
Right and and like I said racial Dynamics like I got a lot and and I will preface this as I'm very close with his family.
I had a very good relationship with them. I consider myself so lucky to have his parents with my in-laws, but I got a lot of backlash from them about it, and it was like the constantly wanted to talk about it and I wanted to talk about how we could move forward for my husband and make sure he was okay. I didn't want to talk about well you Not white doctor put him on this medicine and they don't test the medicine on minorities and you gave him white people Med.
And that that's been really really hard for me.
Right?
Wow.
That is that is one hell of a story. I've always said no not I've always said from from the person because I'll tell you initially I said, well, I've never had a psychotic break, but I will tell you I was the person in in in my life where I could never sleep. I would be convinced that I wouldn't necessarily think cars would were following me, but I would always convince myself that the cars behind me were police that were about to pull me over. Not be driving right at the speed limit and terrified and certainly some things some things that rang really true to my experience and I've always said that you know, I'm very very proud that I fought through it and that I've been vocal about the fact that I did but I still feel a Relentless amount of guilt for the people who loved me in that time and knowing how much you scared them and knowing how much knowing how difficult I often made it for them and knowing that sometimes the people closest to me were the ones who were sensing something was going on and they kind of had to face my wrath a little bit because I wasn't ready to face it so I had to kind of put a wedge there.
all sorts of stuff so I have always harbored some guilt towards the people in my life who are positioned right where you are in this story.
Yeah.
Yeah, and I so appreciate you you saying that and like showing the perspective of that because for a while after and even now I feel myself just starting to get over it like maybe about a month after something happened in which like he had said that he was On his way home and we lived further from where we both work close to each other.
So we lived further this time. It was taking him longer and I called him and he wasn't his phone was dead. And I just had like an immediate flash back to that night and when he finally walked into the door, like I just I I was freaking out I started screaming at him and like saying how could you do this to me again and just really worked myself up which then he felt guilty, but then and I felt guilty for making it about me and it's just it's been really hard. But like I said, I feel like I'm not allowed to have these feelings because I didn't go through that so I can't feel down on myself. I can't feel guilty like it. I wasn't the one who experienced that that's just want to say, you know, you said a couple times before we got into the the the Epic tale of what unfolds in your life.
You said a couple times of You know feeling like because you work in the mental health field that you really beat yourself up at one point. You said I felt like the worst person in the world and I just got to go on record and say a totally understand that and it's a natural thought to have but you're not the worst person in the world and the people who there are not every part. I will say I've had some bad experiences just like any field but there are people who work in mental health who are people in the Which is who I think are heroes. I think quietly Heroes and they don't get a lot of credit necessarily and you know, who's who's to say at you know, who's to say exactly what you focus on and and your approach and everything, but I will say that I've always thought I've always thought that when you see people who have you know, very when people you know, tragic situations happen where people have brakes and and and you know, kill someone and things like that.
I've always thought man. What must there what must their doctor be feeling today the guilt of that the guilt of saying I saw it up close I was the one who is aware of it. We were trying I was trying to help this person who was really Heading to a darker and scarier place and I couldn't do it. I couldn't pull it off whether it was my skills or time ran out so I can imagine I can imagine how you're feeling. But you are trying to do good in the world and I'm sure when you went to school to become a social worker. The aim was to do good in the world and I'm sure when you're helping these kids because you want to do right by kids and and try to make their world an easier place and you know, it sucks so bad that everything in your home life fell down.
Same track, but the fact that you've tried, you know, if you had never tried to help people. And this happened? You'd feel less guilt. But I don't think the world would be better off for it.
Yeah.
No, I appreciate you saying that and it's something I struggle with because I do think because of my profession it hasn't been as scary as it would have been but also because of my profession I blame myself.
Of course, of course you're going to of course you're going to I get it, but I'm I'm also certain that. At some point in your life. As You know you consider to take continue to take care of yourself. And as I'm sure you continue to put a lot of like thought and love towards the person in your life who you love.
I'm sure that that will start to heal up because it has to because it has to and it's easy for me to sit on the outside but also from the outside as someone who has been through some similar stuff. I know that it does, you know, it's trite to say but it gets better over time.
People heal. Yeah, it does. And you said that you said your husband's doing you said your husband's making a little more money.
Some of that pressure has alleviated. I'm sure that's starting to help things, you know, starting out the tide go and meet me having an income to so that because you know after all this as well, he was he was very embarrassed to come back to his job.
He ended up taking a couple days off. He didn't have his phone to contact his supervisor or so, logistically it Became a little complicated and the fact that he had called his boss at one point like leaving up to you know, the big event. So he was very much like I don't want to return to work and you know with anyone with anxiety, you know, you want to push them in appropriate amount. So I was like, you know, I think you should but at the end of the day if you decided fuck it, I want to quit like we would be okay.
Yeah, so We are very lucky to have that that luxury and I'm very aware of that privilege and luxury that we do have and you know being able to do that if he wanted to.
Yeah, and you said you said things have been a little tough for I think you said a couple years now this incident certainly sounds like a culmination or or I'll peek of some some really tough times in your relationship. How how is he doing now?
How are you guys doing together now?
I would say us together. We we've gotten a lot better, you know, so in the midst of that we just moved into a house. We just bought our first house which is super exciting.
So another pressure situation.
Another thing that comes with some anxiety.
Yeah, and so it was a new build so, you know when we first signed the contract for the house that was just a piece of dirt. So, you know, we were very involved along Along the way in the process. So I was kind of able to use that as like something to look forward to like and December we're closing on our house and you know, we won't because I think that was hard for him to have to restate at his parents for it happened to be a long weekend when everything happened. So we stayed at his parents house and it was really hard for both of us to then come back to the house and you know where everything happened so it was a constant Source spot. So, you know, I tried to We try to utilize moving as looking forward to better things, but I do think things have been better.
But also my husband lately, you know, everyone's kind of going back to work this week and he's been struggling a lot and just Just sorry, I'm not making sense. As time has gone on he continues to tell me more and more of like what his thoughts were and things like that and he's been having a lot of anxiety in the morning going to work and he even this morning I woke up to him being wide awake for a couple hours at that point and he was just like, you know, I keep trying to apply rationale to the stuff that I was thinking during that week leading up and he was like Just can't reason with it. And I think that's the problem. He's trying to apply logic to what he was feeling in those days leading up to it. And the thing is it wasn't logical and and how do you mentally deal with that?
Yeah.
Yeah, I've been there took here's took me years to tell people what was going on in my head during my worst times took me years. And then when I did I'm also in a profession where I get to make jokes about it and jokes make everything go down a little bit easier for myself and the people around them because if do that scary scary to face those things down.
Yeah, so, you know, it's something We're dealing with that's been another complication. I you know, I felt that I really had to tiptoe around my husband, you know, just like making sure that I'm doing the right thing being supportive in the most positive way after everything. So after he had a psychotic break, we got an immediate appointment the next day with the prescriber who obviously, you know said like go off the med, you know, because I just have concerns making sure that we Like tapered down appropriately because you can have horrible reactions when you stop something abruptly.
So and he was supposed to be starting therapy along with it and mean let's just say he didn't feel comfortable returning there, which I totally understood so he has not seen or had any mental help assistance since then which has led to you know, some inappropriate boundaries on my part of feeling like I'm constantly being my husband therapist.
And I recognize that that is really really not healthy. Yeah, so that's that's been hard lately. I you know, and I haven't felt comfortable saying that to him because I didn't want him to you know, feel guilt or me to feel guilt. But in the new year, I did say to him, you know, I I can't continue to be your therapist. This isn't healthy for our marriage and you know, I need you know, we can find someone together and take time to find someone. But you need to be seeing them and I need to take a backseat and be your wife again.
Yeah, yeah.
So it's really hard.
It's been really really hard into how do I prioritize myself and my mental health was not constantly being his therapist and prior towards prioritizing our marriage because it's not good for for me to feel like his patient for me to feel like he is my patient and not my husband but also not hurt his feelings in the process.
Yeah.
I mean you you had mentioned during the very top of the call that you've been thinking hard about some career shifts and over the past 50 minutes. I don't I don't know if it's ever where you're like. Oh, yeah, that is justifiable that maybe you don't want to spend your work day in the pressure cooker of dealing with people's mental health when you've when your home life has been affected by the same exact stuff right?
I get it. I get it. My heart goes out to you.
Thank you. It's a new there's no solution and does this make me want to be a social worker less like God. It's so hard. It's so so hard and trying to also balance taking care of myself in the midst of this and you know, I haven't told a lot of people what happened out of respect for my husband, but also, when do I get to talk about in and when do I get to share my feelings about it?
Yeah, yeah, it's almost like you know in the world of addiction there's Alan on which is people who are alcoholics, but who are family members of Alcoholics who have you know, the the came the chaos in tumultuous?
You know that can leave trauma in its own right and there's all group for people to sort it out. What's it been like being up close with that? It's almost a similar thing of like There's going to be some residual damage being having someone you love say I think you were trying to kill me and you already killed our dog. That's gonna leave some some scars on you as well.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, and it's it's been Hard like I feel like we are in a we're getting in a much better spot and you know being in a beautiful new house has greatly helped but I think the hardest part for me has been like how do I see my husband at this like romantic person again?
Yeah and not someone that I feel like I have to Tiptoe around and make sure he's mentally okay and are you sleeping and are you taking your vitamins?
And did you eat a meal today? What did you eat? Like that's been really really difficult and hard for us to navigate through we did we did talk about that. We should probably also see a couples therapist that can help us navigate through this and how do I see? My husband exhibit sounds weird. But like, how do I see him as a sexual being again? And how do I him as my husband who I find really hot and not as someone who thought I was killing them and who had a psychotic break.
Yeah, that'll certainly damper the romantic mood.
Yeah certainly do but you know what? You know, what I think about is You sound like you're ready to fight for it.
And it sounds like you really care about your husband so much and it sounds like he wants to figure out how to keep fighting to and that goes a long way and you know what my guess is is that a hmm. I mean, we all know everybody knows that when you're at the beginning of a relationship, like you said things are hot hot and heavy it's new. It's exciting and you gotta keep working hard throughout to Finding that right and you go through things together and you feel stresses together and you start seeing each other at your worst and like, you know, I fart in front of my wife now, I'm farting for like three years.
You have to work hard.
You have to work hard to keep finding that other side of it.
But you know what when you my guess when you go and the trenches this deep on something this difficult, but you work hard and I bet when you come out of it and you do find that party. Where you're like, oh wait. My husband is fucking hot. And when you get back to that place where the sexual side of it comes back to life. I bet it's gonna come roaring back to life and I bet that I bet that most married couples will not get to feel That rekindling that you will get to feel yeah, and I bet that's going to be awesome. I bet you're going to have a weekend where you guys get out of town and it's some hot-ass we can that you never forget for the rest of your life. I bet you get that eye.
I hope so. I'm looking forward to that.
But I have a question for you, but I want to check in how much time do we have?
We got five minutes.
Oh fuck so something that's also been on my mind. I would love to hear your perspective and you know, we're getting to that age and not thought where you know, people are starting to ask about kids and we're starting to kind of think about it. But this has obviously set us back and been really scary and I would love to hear your perspective as someone who's, you know, had some mental-health battles and had a new baby.
Like I'm sure you had some of those same fears and how did you navigate that?
I mean it it was one of the scariest.
Conversations with myself and with my wife that I ever had and you know, we took we took this birthing class that a lot of it was about, you know, there was the birthing techniques in the room and then a lot of it was about how it's going to adjust your life. And in one of the exercises we have to sit down and say three things that we're really excited about and three things that were really scared about and interns having kid in the first words out of my mouth where I am, really You really scared that I'm going to pass out my stuff to my kid.
Yeah, and I tell you first of all.
He's like the happiest giggly as little guy.
And it's like it's like every day I see it and and it makes me happy and I land I mean beyond happy happy is not even the word for it. There's not a word for what it does to me when I see my son being this guy who everybody says this is one of the happiest because I've ever been around but I also tell you that I will never not be scared. I'll never not be scared.
Where have I ever get the sense that my kid is, you know? Suffering mentally or treading on addiction like I think I've traded on it a couple times that it will shake me to my core, but I've also come to realize that.
I will feel a level of compassion for him. If those moments come along that I think will be an asset and that he will never feel judged and he will understand that. This is the thing that has happened to his dad and when I think of it from that perspective, I feel like you know, I came from a family that had you know had not had much experience with this stuff and you know any experience we did have in my extended family. It was you know, the very Catholic don't talk about it.
So sometimes I feel it with Cal like no we're going to talk about it and he's going to feel comfortable talking about it. And I wonder if in some sense that might be an asset for the little guy down the line but yeah scare scares me shit X scares me shitless.
Yeah, it scares a certain to you know, like I we hadn't even get into like my own personal life. I Had a very tumultuous family stuff. I like I was the kid that I see myself in these kids. I was the kid that witness domestic violence and got court-ordered therapy and was in and out of court rooms my whole life and just like I have my own fears just for myself and then, you know hope and this and you know, always talking about like we're going to do things differently. We're going to have like healthier. Patterns but are we really like we can say that now but what happens when you're under the stress like it's really really scary. But I also I don't want to you know, what's that phrase about the fear of yourself striking out keep you from playing the game? Like I don't want to decide to rule out completely of having a family because I'm so fucking scared.
You can't because look when you when you've had that you either perpetuate the cycle or you Get you gotta commit to Breaking. Right? Like I'll tell you I've never told my mom this and if she's listening, I hope I hope she feels how real this is. My mom saw some alcoholism in her. She was around it and her child and there was no when I grew up there was never a drop of alcohol kept in my house and I didn't realize how positive a thing that was for me until I went to college and started drinking and Immediately realized oh, I am not built for this not built for this and but it made me sit back and reconsider. My mom made sure I never had to deal with what she dealt with and I'm going to make sure that Cal never has to deal with what I dealt with and you're going to make sure your kids never had to deal with what you dealt with and just this conversation shows me that you're already committed to that and doesn't that offer.
Yeah.
Doesn't that offer your future kids a platform? That maybe you didn't have you know, yeah.
Yeah gotta practice that positive reframe as I tell all my clients. It's tough.
Listen are ours up this one flew by final question. How how is that Chick-fil-A or you sitting there with some cold-ass Chick-fil-A?
I am now sitting with culture collect because I didn't want you to hear me jumping as I ate man.
You're you're already eating a morally reprehensible food. And now it's cold too.
I know now, you're making me think I should just throw it away entirely.
No, I mean the last thing we're going to do is give money to Chick-fil-A and not even eat it.
That's the last thing that we're not just going to go ahead and them eight bucks.
That's the last thing we're gonna do. Listen. You've been through a lot. I'm glad you're pushing through it. I hope you feel good. I hope your husband feels good. Sounds like you guys are really putting in the effort to take care of each other and take care of him and I wish you nothing but the best.
Thank you so much Chris. I really appreciate your time.
Call her thank you for calling in being so honest letting us know about some of the specifics and the scary stuff you faced and and letting us know about how you're doing in the midst of all of it to help your husband and to help yourself.
I really truly wish you the best.
I know that just with the level of thought and care and love you're already putting into this you guys are thinking through this feel it in my guts and I hope that that comes to be the case that. You for calling thank you Jerry O'Connell in the booth. Thank you Shell Shack for the music Chris guess. Com.
If you want to know where you can come see me in person.
Hey go to Apple podcast raker you subscribe to showing you do.
Next time on beautiful Anonymous a really talented conversationalist just tells us what it's like to go from place to place meeting people and doing things.
I will say I've noticed your stories seem to all like if you were a writer if you are playwright your your stories all tend to follow a similar structure, which is you start with the where which is a bar and then as far as the inciting incident it's and then the women showed up that seems to be the starting point for to of people's stories girl.
Can I tell you about the time I almost started an international incident?
Absolutely. Okay so enough, I forget the year, but it was it was in the 2000s.
That's next time on beautiful and honest.
A guy from the Deep South tells Chris some wild travel stories, and about the time he got hit by a car inside of a Waffle House. This episode is brought to you by Teladoc (www.teladoc.com/stories) and Ritual (www.ritual.com/stories).
Hello to everybody. Who's not looking for a fist fight. It's a beautiful Anonymous one hour one phone call. No names No Holds Barred.
Chris gethard, so happy to welcome you to the 200th episode of beautiful Anonymous. We've made 200 of these things 200 hour long conversations with strangers on the phone who very often have faulty phone connections who would have thought that this show would still be chugging along and still have such a strong Community surrounding it. I have to thank everyone who has supported this show.
Whether you've been supporting since you heard it on This American Life where you got on board last week every single person who listens you mean the world to me this show has changed my life. It has given me hope it has made me believe in people. It has made me feel like maybe in a scary world things might turn out. Okay, and that's because I get to feel empathy and I get to see a community rally around individuals one at a time as they take some emotional risks share their or he's what an incredible beautiful thing that I'm lucky to be a part of and obviously so many people to thank over the years from from Greta and the Reverend John dolor to Harry and Jared and Jordan and Anita and Andy and everyone who's helped out with the show, of course all the Facebook mods.
Thanks to everybody's join the Facebook group who offers UPS such thoughtful discourse surrounding these conversations mind-blowing lucky to be a part of it this I'm putting out a special episode. It's for all of us in the community. I'd like to think it's a list of 200 things. I have learned via hosting beautiful Anonymous and I've been working on the list. I'm up to about number 150 and I've really tried to put thought into every single one legitimately 200 things. I've learned or been firmly reminded of while hosting this show can't wait to put that out as a thank you to all All of you and guess what the beautiful? Kannamma stick its should be on sale within a matter of days. We're aiming for the first week of February for those to go on sale. So if you're planning on coming out to Brooklyn in mid-may to listen to some live calls meet some past callers watch the movie contact and I'm telling you we are putting together the bills for these stand-up shows that are going to be part of it.
They're going to be the best shows in New York this year. These bills will be Untouchable the comics on them. On top of that you'll hear music from Shell shag. You'll hear music from the eighteen thousand songs guy. It's going to be great. Look out for it onto this week's episode. This one made me so happy partway through the recording you'll hear I say we got to use this for the 200th episode. This is a nice simple one that I think fits so well into the overall themes of what the show's become Sky just tells us about all the different places. He's been in the world his impressions of them what it's like to be from the southern part of America where there's there's stereotypes towards people how he bucks those stereotypes and how he's gone all over the world seeing how everybody everywhere bucks their own stereotypes.
I think a beautiful reminder of what it's like to be a citizen of the world, which is I think exactly what the whole point of this show is become we I will say at the end we were laughing because I keep calling him a citizen in the world. I'm even saying it now largely that means you're up largely we start to realize throughout the episode.
I'm like, you're such a citizen of the world and it really means like America.
And 11 countries in Europe, which I am aware is not the whole world. But still the point stands. I enjoyed it greatly think it's a great fit for the 200th episode. I sincerely thank all of you once again, and I hope you enjoy it.
Thank you for calling beautiful Anonymous a beeping noise will indicate when you are on the show with the host.
East just Chris.
Hello.
Hello, what's up? How are you man?
How am I doing? All right, I'm doing all right. Generally, I'm very happy trying to figure out some sort of broad philosophical questions about my role as an artist, but outside of that pretty good.
Okay. Well, you know, so so what's the what's the issue today with that?
I mean, I guess in general, it's I found that doing comedy as making me less and less. Happy which is a strange revelation after 20 years. And now that I have a son and also feels like why am I trying to cut myself off at the knees as far as my you know career?
Well, that's yeah, that's that's you know, sad to hear that mean we all love your comedy. We love the show. We hate to see you, you know get away from that. But you know, if it's not making you happy anymore, I guess there's no real sense and you know belaboring that issue.
Well, that's Be clear beautiful Anonymous continues to be an endless amount of Joy. It's fascinating and interesting and laid-back. I just feel like at this point we have to we have to call it like it is and say, you know that a show where you're talking to people who have been through so many brutal things and it's not common. I'm talking more about stand up.
I love stand-up but now when I when I do it I found myself heading home and just feeling like what I do. Anyway, though. It's not about me. How are you?
Oh, you know, I'm great man.
It's it's Friday. Oh my To break and can't believe I actually got through but here we are. You know, I told Jared, you know, it's you know, I don't have anything in specific to talk about but you know, we can talk about what's been going on. I guess just in my life in general the last several years.
No, I was told Jared that I don't I don't think I'm your typical demographic. I'm a middle-aged. White guy living in the Deep South who is also fairly liberal. I think for the part of the world that I live in you know have have been divorced within the last several years and you know, just trying to keep things on the rails since then so, you know, that's you know, that's been you know, the big part of it.
All right. Can I just say right out of the gate? I'm loving your energy. I'm loving just your general Vibe. You've meant I'm not you've mentioned some stuff that I want to follow up with and sounds like it was it was tough and and women hear more but just in general you as a human feeling really good feeling really good about this.
Well great, man. I feel really good about getting through. You know, I'm like a lot of people I think I found out about Your show, you know the This American Life which was one of my other favorite podcast, but I had listened to every episode since then and it's it's the the one podcast that ever listen to religiously every single week. You know, there are others that you know that I may go back and you know be two or three episodes behind and try and get caught up but every single week when yours drops on Tuesday, I'm listening to it that same if not that same day.
Definitely that same week.
Well, I really appreciate you and excuse me. Anybody. I very often hear that people say and I found it through this American life and I still listen and that means the world to me because we're that was episode one that got featured. We're coming up on 200 the week you and I recording this it's the week before the Tundra's episode you this might be the 200th episode or 200 first or something like that.
So they hear that people are still All still part of this strange little empathetic Squadron of folks that we've built means the world and also I got a lot of love anytime I see someone tweet. I just found your show yesterday the fact that anyone listens I feel very flattered. Yes. Well, thank you everybody.
Well, you know in the thing about it is that you know, it's you know, a little hyperbolic I guess but everybody talks about, you know, everyone has a podcast these days and And true enough there are tons of them out there.
But anytime I'm talking with someone and they asked me to recommend the podcast yours is always the first one.
Oh, yeah, I love that because the think it's the the entire concept of this show is just amazing. And I also love the foreign callers the episode that I've just listened to this week, you know, the And girl living in the UK. I just find these things fascinating. I've I've done a good bit of traveling in my life. Mostly Europe, you know, I've been to Mexico and granted I went to part of the states, but I've been to Puerto Rico but I've been over large swaths of Europe and the things that you see the people that you meet the That you have is the I wouldn't trade those for anything and you know it and it bothers me especially as an American because I feel like that and especially today that so many, you know Americans either don't want to travel or they're scared to travel or and I don't understand it. It's you know, they it's an education that you're not going to get anywhere else.
So, you know, I would tell people if you have a I've been out of this country go do it now.
I love that. I'm with you I've mentioned on the show before that. I was one of those people who's always very nervous about international travel. I'd only traveled I think I maybe before I met my got together my wife. I think I'd only traveled out of the country not counting Canada and a very ill fated day spent in Tijuana Mexico.
I think I don't invent it to Country. I've been to Italy and Brazil and Brazil was a big swing for a guy who's scared to show point being my wife. Loved international travels. I've been many places since we got together and I'm with you and I think especially for people who listen to this show. I feel like it's had a similar effect on me. That's I think informed what this show is and that you go to the most far-flung corners of the world in your mind. And what you find is that people are sitting there.
Just trying to like have a drink and relax at the end of the day or just chill out with their families after a day of hard work and that's That's that's been true everywhere. I've gone where you start to realize this idea that we all live. So differently is on some level, you know, we eat different food. We have different Customs might have different religions or holidays, but on a base level, right? We are animals who all evolved into this species.
Everybody's just trying to have a relaxed time and look out for their people.
Well if the end of the day, I mean we all pretty much want the same things, right, you know regardless of where Well for what we do it's I mean, we all generally speaking want the same things. Yeah, you want, you know a roof over your head food to eat and you know people that love you and you know, it's not that different anywhere else in the world.
Yeah, I guess it's just how we go about doing it. It's very true.
So, it's you go ahead.
No, I was going to ask you so of your travels, you know, what what were some of your favorite places or some of your favorite experiences?
I'm loving you man. I love you. I love this call Jared. This is got to be the 200th one because this is the perfect balance of this lovely collar sharing his experience while also throwing it back. What a joy. What a joy Sri Lanka Sri Lanka by far has been wow. I mean I loved I've loved so many places. I spent a month in Edinburgh doing The Fringe Festival. They're such an amazing.
What a great.
Beast on plays that old as an American and you know, you go to Edinburgh Scotland and you realize that by the standards of the world America fell out of the sky yesterday.
White I joined a gym. I was there for a whole month. I joined a gym and it was in the basement of a building. That was a thousand years old.
It's that's violent.
All right.
So let me tell you one of my favorite stories from Edinboro. Okay, so, you know, we're in a real Pub and it was a Friday and it was you know, 5:00 5:30, and we're right there. I mean right on the Royal Mile and we're in there having you know pipes and A lot of women came into the bar. I mean it was like a dozen of them and they were all wearing the same t-shirt and I'm like, all right. I got to find out what this is about.
So I go over and I speak to one of them and I said hey, what's you know, what's all this what's going on here? And she said, oh it's a it's a hand party, which I guess it's their terminology for a bachelorette party. Yeah. I'm like, oh, okay. I get it. She said yeah we all flew. Ooh over today from Wales and I'm like, oh even cooler.
So I go back to the bar and you know, I'm finishing my pipe and a guy walks in you know, a local he's just gotten off work. He's still in his suit I everything he walks up to the bar. I assumed it was like his local spot and he knew the bartender and he gets his beer and he just turns to me and says hey what's all this going on over here?
Speaking of these ladies I said, well, you know, as fate would have it. I know what's going on here. They're having a hen party. They all came in from Wales today, but the guy puts his beard out on the bar rubs his hands together and set awesome. Well, she's are easy.
Parts story for you that you might enjoy Okay. So when I was in Edinburgh, I did a you know, you go to that Festival you do your show for a full month and for America it kit has a reputation where it can Crush Americans because American Comics, you know, they really love a well-prepared show with a narrative or a theme in Edinburgh and a lot of times Americans go and we're just used to telling jokes for an hour and that doesn't always go well and so I was bracing myself, but I was doing career suicide which it turned out was a very perfect Edinboro show they like when things are And and emotional and it was obviously the show about you know, the closest I ever came to killing myself.
Anyway, it got good reviews good Stars, you know, all the different Publications give out Stars mine was like averaging over I think four stars or a little above and and that's very good. And yes, one of the knights whole bunch of dudes show up together and very quickly becomes clear that they are quite drunk and they start walking member real. Oh, yeah. I mean that City goes hard baby.
So they start walking out one by one and I was in a venue, you know at The Fringe Festival, there's thousands of shows going on and hundreds and hundreds of venues and a lot of them are just you know spaces that are not necessarily built to be the perfect venue. You gotta do stuff everywhere. My venue was a very good one, but two exit you had to Walk down this sort of stadium-style seating down a middle aisle onto the stage to exit. So these guys are walking out one by one stumbling out drunk and every time they do it. I have to stop the show because they have to walk across the stage.
So I stopped asking my God. I just have to know what this group's deal as it turns out. It's a stag party, which is the counterpart what we would call a bachelor party, right? These guys clearly went out and got blasted and then they were just, you know, they were like screw it. Let's go see a comedy show and they just looked up whatever one was happening. At that time that had good reviews and they saw the Stars I would guess but they didn't read anything about the show and it was going on I think 10:30 at night. So they probably thought it was like a late night show. All right, that one will be a little rough and tumble, but no, that's because I signed up late but was the only slide I could get and I said to them I go look I know. I know this is not what you guys were, you know looking for during your your stag party, but if anybody else wants to walk out, let's just get it done.
At once and we'll just call it fair and from the back. They're like nah, man. The rest of us are loving it. Let's keep going. I started the show back up and then again one by one they start walking out and there was a part of me that actually was like Glee like gleeful on the inside because I'm like man that is really funny to be a drunk group of jerks having a lot of fun ruining a show. Like that's something me and my pals would have done in college when we were like young dick heads, right?
That's my yeah. Well, you know we We don't get a lot of you know comedy shows in the city where I live, you know, but it's so I will say I just saw recently where Ron White is actually coming to town. Awesome Bill Maher has been in Bill Maher's been here before so, you know, we've had some people in the past but it's just not an area where you have stand-up comedy as a really Yes as much of a thing here, even though I'm a huge fan. I mean, I I love you know, you're a comedy because the thing is there stand-up comics are also different. You know, it's not just you know, this generic cookie cutter type of Industry where everybody's doing the same thing and so, you know, I love your work, you know, all of the girls. I love Burgers work. I mean Chappelle all I love it. I love all you guys and so even though I don't get an opportunity very often to see things in person.
You know, I still have you know, obviously access to it. So it's nice speaking of comedy and outside of this country.
People what you do find for sure is that people's senses of humor or a lot different, you know, depending on where you are and especially when you're in a country where English is not the first language.
Yeah. I don't think it's terribly different in places, you know, like the UK where you know, it's things are similar and you know what we find. Funny or not funny but you know so many times when I was in other places you realize that. Oh, I was trying to be funny here. And this person has it just went right over them, you know, except for the belgians. I will say that the belgians some reason or another seem to have a very similar sense of humor to Americans and I guess it makes sense when you know their national hero was I Cartoon character it kind of makes sense.
You are a citizen of the world. I love this call and let's say oh no go for it. Well, what well what what?
No, I was just going to say I mean if I if I could find something Chris, you know, that would allow me to just travel the world.
You know, I would be on that in a second and okay.
I got two things. I Say one quick point you brought up Ron White. I want to say a lot of people might know me as this like hipster. Emo New York comedian and think man Ron White. He's one of the blue-collar guys. They don't have anything in common. I've wound up doing a show that Ron White was on its South by Southwest.
That guy's amazing. That's one of the best Comics you could see. So if you got Ron White coming through, you're lucky that guy's the best.
Well, I'll say this Chris and this is you know, obviously not too I'm not trying to Less than the effect or you know the popularity of those other guys, but Ron White was is Far and Away the most talented guy to come through that group.
You know, he wears the cowboy hat a lot right with the cigar.
I got the right guy comes out.
He's got the scotch in the cigar.
Yes. That's the guy. Yes. That's I wanted to make sure I wasn't accidentally plugging Larry the Cable Guy too hard. No offense. Everybody. Make your red. He's the one who yeah, he's far off the grid as far as what we do. Ron White is brilliant and I give respect to all those guys. They've earned a real living Ron White is next level. I would say.
Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, really really funny guy. And so yeah, you know, and I'm Actually go check that out. So, you know, we'll see ya. But yeah, I would love to be able to you know, you know do more traveling see more places, you know have more interactions with people I and and I know for you, you know, not drinking any more of that sort of thing, but I have found just about everywhere. I've been that, you know, if you want to meet the real people in the cities and the towns that your Visiting just Belly Up in a bar somewhere and that's where you're going to find them.
There you go.
Cuz you know, I mean if you're walking down the street and London nobody wants to talk to you, but you find them in a pub in London and you know there. Yeah, it's like you've known them, you know for a while.
Yes, London Applause.
Yeah, it's always fun for me to see the interactions between people, you know in that setting even if maybe they are, you know from the same city or town and we're in London in a pub and we're having dinner and there were some girls who would come in and they were going to see a show in London that night.
Like I guess in the West End I guess is where all of the theaters are and so they had like this flyer thing and they're looking at it but take they couldn't figure out I guess it didn't have like the theater name or where was kind of, you know have the date and the time but it didn't say where the show was going to be and so they were talking about it at this table and there were a couple guys local guys there, you know, I guess. And one of the guys walked over and said let me see that it's like why she's well because you don't know where it's at. So I'm going to look at I guess he's over to to man's playing to her the thing and she's like and I'm gonna apologize for this already Sally but so she looks at the guy and she says the name of the theater is not on here. I can't fucking read.
these kinds of things, you know, I just I love that type of interaction between people and you know, it's so yeah and especially in bars and pubs you'll find that and you know, people are much more willing to interact with you and yeah, well, I will say I've noticed your stories seem to all like if you were a writer if you are playwright your your stories all tend to follow a similar structure, which is you start with the where which Bar and then as far as the inciting incident it's and then the women showed up that seems to be the starting point for to a few stories.
Can I tell you about the time I almost started an international incident.
Absolutely.
I think on behalf of all the listeners, let's consider that should we hear about the time?
He almost started an international incident.
Yeah, we're going to hear about that and a lot more when we come back to check out the ads.
Tis the season to Get Cozy at home, right? You might have been like tis the season it's after the holidays. Why do you say that? Because it's always the season to Get Cozy at home. Your furniture should suit your needs while feeling uniquely you that's where Joy bird comes in with over 50 Fabric and leather options Three Shades of wood and over 250 unique Silhouettes do the math Joy Birds. Got a lot to choose from the days of Settling are over.
You can bring your mood boards to life whether you're more of a neutral beige or a bubblegum pink person built by Joy bird designed by you. They even offer a range of kid and pet friendly upholstery options. That's very important. Right? I could use a key. I need more joy burn around because this kid spits up. It's true. I've never known the value of kid-friendly of whole stream or then as I'm reading it right now free. Fabric Swatch kits are available to let you see and touch all their Fabrics help you make the best choice Joy Birds free personal Design Consultants can help you go from inspiration to Creation. Each piece is made with the ultimate care and precision all joy bird handcrafted Pieces come with a limited lifetime warranty create furniture that matches your own Fearless style at Joy bird. Com, beautiful 25, see how Joy bird can help make your dream space a reality today at Joy bird. Com, beautiful 25 go to Joy bird. Com beautiful 25 and an exclusive offer for 25% off your first order by using the code beautiful 25 Thanks to all of our advertisers for allowing this show to happen.
Now. Let's get back to this phone call when I hear about this international incident.
Can I tell you about the time I almost started an international incident. Absolutely.
Okay, so and I forget the year, but it was it was in the 2000s. It was the year. That was the Rugby World Cup was going on that year an incredibly popular sport outside of the states. Yeah, and I had never watched rugby in my life until that particular trip and you were just forced to watch it because that is the only thing that was on television all day every day or at night, you know, you walk into any of the pubs.
Own so that particular night.
We're at Davey burns his pub in Dublin and it's not a very big Pub to begin with and those in the funniest people by the way, not in a sorry to interrupt.
I want to hear this story desperately. I will say you said the belgians have a very good sense of humor. Maybe I'm just partial culturally because my background is Irish the Irish. There's a people with a good sense of humor.
Oh, yeah, and you know the other thing that I love about the Irish and I know It's an overblown stereotype. But you know, I'm I'm also of Irish descent and you know, those people love to drink and fight and it's even you know, I was a little disappointed. I was a little disappointed Chris that I did actually see a fight in Ireland till we got to go away that's and that's where I saw rugby match when I went to Galway, which is effectively Just a fight with a ball what a serendipitous crossover.
Right? And I mean look, I'll tell you this Galway was Far and Away my favorite part of that trip or that Island. No one's a girl.
Do you and me I have not connected with someone on a friendship level since that Australian fella.
I want me I wish my life is past if listen, I love my life. I love my wife. I love my son everyone who listens to this show knows that but if this was a few years ago, and I was a single man, I would say lets me and you pick a city and meet in it and that's how this call Will and I want to travel with you.
I want to travel with you go always the best now.
Wait, I want to hear the sear and Davey Burns's Pub rugby is on an attack Rugby's at the Irish team is playing in there playing the French and Said it's you know, it's just a we get our pints and we leave the pub to go out onto this tiny little patio this right out front there and that of course, it's on TV on the patio as well.
And I'm talking to a couple of guys from Dublin there in the Irish were just getting their asses handed to them. And so we're having our beers and I look over at one of the guys and I said man, you know, it's one thing. NG to be getting your ass whipped like this but you know to let the French do it and they're having a big laugh about it except there was a woman on the patio who was French and she she got she got into me hard and I'm like, hey, it was a joke, you know, I don't look it. I'm not one of those guys, you know, I'm not one of these, you know - to Frenchie's type of guys, you know, it's yeah I try and tell people all the time, you know if it were For them, you know, we'd still be part of the UK. So, you know, I understand that, you know people's people's memory of history is very short. But yeah so it but it was a good time but Galway yes was we're coming out of a pub there.
Uh-huh as is your way as is your way and there's a panhandler that's following a guy down the street.
He just did not leave him alone and the guy that he's following Chris. He couldn't have been much more than about. I don't know five four five five and he was wearing a backpack and this panhandlers follows him for about 50 60 yards for the guy had finally just had enough and he just slings his backpack down on the ground and went and they went at it.
He beat this guy down the street and I thought yeah Galway. This is my kind of town.
Good night. Now can I ask a stereo? I mean I asked something it's stereotype and I'm wondering though because you you say your of Irish descent you live in the south in an area that doesn't have too many comedians passing through which is illustrate affect the show and that you love a good ass whippin.
Are you of scots-irish descent? Yes. Yes. I knew it some stereo the scots-irish man.
They like that's that's the reputation right a rough-and-tumble folk that you don't want to mess with look, you know, there's there's nothing I enjoy more than you know pint of Guinness and then, you know a glass of Jameson and then lets you know, let's let's see what we can get into but now that I mean, yeah, but I don't want to come across the wrong way that's out looking for trouble.
But you know if it presents itself Then sure you know, let's snuggle up with worked it out, right?
Yeah, you know, I always heard a great story.
I think one of my history professors and college told me this and I don't know if this is just like a folktale or if it's true. You might know more about it than I do, you know, so apparently during the Civil War, you know, when the when I think the cut, you know, there was no internet it took forever to travel America really was still I think a collection of separate areas clearly during the Civil War and apparently You know the scots-irish I think who have been known to I think you know and have it everywhere but a large concentration in you know, some of the Appalachian areas right and right living pretty isolated and apparently they said we're going to stay neutral in this war.
We don't really want anything to do with it and they were kind of living in the mountain areas not easy to access and they said we're staying out of it and then apparently some some general of the Confederate. See approach them on their Turf and said look, you got to pick a side and you better pick our side and apparently then a large number of scots-irish were like you're going to come up here and threaten us. We're joining the union and we're whipping your ass and that was apparently a thing and I always loved that story. I thought I was thought that was illustrative of the people of your background in a really cool way.
Oh, yeah.
Absolutely. You know, it's you're not going to tell us or Force us to do anything.
Now, you know you now and make it go of History.
If I'm not mistaken. I think you know your island is the only one that the Romans never conquered.
Wait, I think maybe a lot of that will just because you know, they didn't see you know any worth in it. But he saying about Ireland or Manhattan.
I'm not sure which island. Oh Ireland. Oh, yeah. I don't consider Ireland mind necessarily, but but I appreciate I do love the Irish people if I could I feel like if I spent a year living in Ireland it would enrich my life in a way. I can't imagine but anyway, so the Romans never bothered the Romans didn't bother with Ireland.
Well, I mean, you know, Why would you want to go over there and talk with those people?
I mean, you know, they were specially in a home and be painting their faces, especially that you know, all that sort of thing.
Now that would have scared me to death once a warrior lots of Clans battling it out with clubs.
Yeah.
So let's shift gears here real quick Chris.
I've got another story that happened right here at home before we get to that.
Because I love I love Shifting the homestretch. There's a thing I want to point out. There's thing. I want to point out that I think is a very valuable thing to point out about you and about how this first half because we're coming up directly on 30 minutes. So it's a great time to shift directions, but I want to say something which is that when you think of Southerners a scots-irish descent, they are a group of people that fit into some stereotypes just as the way that a neurotic New Yorker might I say that with love but you think of of that culture maybe more as like The NASCAR crowd which is the exact crowd that I think gets gets unfairly judged as far as like, well, they're the people who never want to leave the state's. They're the people who never want to travel and here you are listen off stories from like nine different countries off the top of your head.
I think that's beautiful.
Yeah. Yeah sure did but you know and you're right.
I mean, I think you know the South we've earned our reputation, you know.
The first to admit that but yet but there are people in the South that are not what somebody in Manhattan could possibly ever even fathom. You know, I mean, I it's it's it's much more diverse. I think than people give it credit for in a lot of different ways. Al I think that hardly ever manifests itself politically but when you're dealing with people on an individual basis down here, you know, there's a lot of lot of really really good people really, you know open minded educated people and you know, that's something that I don't think it's talked about very often because as you said I mean would you know When people think of the Deep South sure that's exactly what they think about, you know is NASCAR and guys just turning left for 500 miles and you know now will say this. Yeah, I've been I've actually been to a couple of NASCAR races in my life and it is a spectacle and a party from what I have.
Let me tell you Chris the the race at Talladega and Alabama is I have it is the largest gathering of rednecks in the world and it is so fun to just I am the you have to walk up this giant Hill to get into the truck. But that track is banked much that you know, you could you can't even really stand up on it if you were just on the track.
So you have to walk up these Hills or their paves but you have to walk up to get into the track and I have seen guys when that race is because you know back in the day you they would allow you to bring an ice chest. And as long as it puts it under your seat. And of course these people these people were shit hammered before they ever got to the track and then they're dragging their ice chest in will them I couldn't tell you how many times I saw guys sitting on those little coolers after the race was over and they would slide down that asphalt walkway all the way and then just bust their ass at the bottom.
So, yeah, so yeah, I mean there's still no shortage of that down here. But yeah, there's you know, there's there are other things.
Yes, if anybody listen, he's like, yeah, I'd never go to the South only. Hey come check it out because you know there and I'll tell you this the food down here is yeah of everything.
I've eaten all over the world. There's nothing better than food in the southeastern United States.
Look at that.
I love it.
Yes. We have Waffle House.
Oh, don't get me started on Waffle House. I did I did a whole tour of the South I think last year and I was a little nervous that people aren't going to like me just because you know, there's supposedly so much division. Now first of all set. I eat at many Waffle Houses. I talked on stage. I spoke on stage about how northerners have a real fascination with Waffle House because we don't have it.
But when you grow up in the South Wall is not necessarily A romantic place. It's like a place where desperate people are surviving at 4:30 in the morning. God bless them.
But where we all get to where we all go to sober up. Yes.
Yes, and there's parking lot fights and stuff. It's not this magical place that the Northerners imagined it to be just because we don't have it what I was saying on stage I found myself and and to be fair I did sit, you know like Huntsville. I was I was nervous to perform an Alabama. I'm like, that's the Deep South. I don't know if they're gonna Like me stereotype turns out half of Huntsville is NASA employees. They're all like super nerds like that. I didn't - Ville Atlanta Durham Durham was like a little punk rock Haven and I was saying on stage in the course of that to her by the end of it and I want to put the caveat out there that I'm a I'm a straight white guy.
I'm a white guy married to a lady. So it's easier for me to travel and there's other people who have I think larger concerns historically and and more earned more. Earned right to have anxiety about traveling south and I think that's just true historically I get it. I found myself saying on stage though, you know, I thought this whole tour I was going to have to battle to get you guys to like me or pay attention and I don't think we're as divided as we are being convinced and I have a feeling that the reason we feel like we are so divided As Americans right now is because Facebook makes a lot of money convincing us where divided I think Mark Zuckerberg is Friends line their pockets by To click on stuff that makes us mad at each other.
I think it's a real problem. That being said join the beautiful anonymous Facebook Community It's a Wonderful giving Community, right?
Yeah. Well, no, I agree I Facebook. I mean that's their entire business model right pissed off at with yeah, and I mean and I have an account obviously, but you know, the only reason I still have that because I have a I don't think I've posted anything on Facebook and six months or more. I just I was you I would like you I got to the point where I'm like it's it's just nastiness and I don't need that in my life. And the reason that I still have it is because I made two really good friends on a trip to Liverpool and that's really the only way that we communicate You've Been Everywhere.
I love it. That's why I still have the account.
Yeah, love it.
Yeah, well going back to what you were saying about, you know traveling in the side.
Let me tell you this. I think that's another common misconception and again, you know, not that it's not an issue or you know, things don't happen. But the Deep South and especially where I live the the gay community thrives Chris.
I mean I have this is a joke that I make with people.
But yeah, I have personally as a straight white male, I have a Harem of lesbians who are like some of my best friends in the world taken out of context that is a concerning said that everyone who heard it here feels to love a jury, but as a straight white male, I have a harem of lesbians in a vacuum is a very confusing and concerning sentence.
Yes, and you look you're not and I get it. But you know, it's it's but it's so great because you know, there's because I get all these different perspectives and you know from from all of them. And also what I have learned is that the I think the other running joke is that you know, there's typically a lot of you know drama that runs in those circles and I can Confirm that but my God, it's fun to have them around.
Ah, wow.
Now listen you and I can we you and me can just keep ping-pong and back and forth and gone going off on many a tangent, which I love you did at one point though around 30 minutes, which is eight minutes ago. You said now I want to tell you a story about America being in America and I feel like we went on some tangents, but I do want to hear that story.
Do you remember what it was?
Well, no, actually, well, actually I was going to tell you I was going to tell you my Waffle House.
Oh.
Let's pause that story's coming and I'm telling you it's one of my favorite anecdotes that anyone's ever related to me. I'm the show. I can't wait pretty here. We'll be right back.
With joy bird your personal one-of-a-kind style should match your furniture bring your mood boards to life with hundreds of customizable pieces and over 50 Fabric and leather options Three Shades of wood and over 250 unique Silhouettes from Joy bird fabric Swatch kits allow you to see and touch all of their Fabrics to find the perfect choice tell you what I am moving to a house instead of an apartment going out got ourselves. A joy bird couch and I'll tell you why it's not because they're an advertiser's because they're a good company. My wife loves their stuff said we got to have this as the centerpiece of our living room Joy bird. It's no joke each piece is made with Ultimate Care and precision using real wood and responsibly sourced materials that all those harmful chemicals create furniture that matches your own Fearless style at Joy bird. Com, / beautiful 25, see how Joy bird can help make your dream space for real. T today at Joy bird. Com beautiful 25 go to Joy bird. Com / beautiful 25 receive an exclusive offer for 25% off your first order by using the code beautiful 25.
Thanks for checking out the ads now. Let's finish off the phone call.
Well, I actually was going to tell you I was going to tell you my Waffle House story.
Oh, yeah, it's this was you know my 15 minutes of fame.
So this happened I guess about two years ago.
I was on it was a Saturday morning. I was on my way out of town too. You may find this hard to believe. I was on my way out of town to help judge a Homebrew in competition at a bar, you know about 90 minutes south of where I live. And so I'd gotten up early that morning and stopped to get gas and my original plan was to just go through the drive-thru at Whataburger grab a biscuit and hit the road.
Well running ahead.
I'm running ahead of schedule and I thought yeah because because there's a waffle house right next door to this particular Whataburger. Yes crew and I've got time. I'll just go into Waffle House said It out and have breakfast so I go in I'll sit down place my order and about 30 seconds after she brings it out. Sit sit down in front of me a woman died and keeping now, you know the general layout or structure of a waffle house. They're all tiny. And so I'm sitting at this little low top with my back to the front of the Waffle House a And drops her car through the Waffle House right into the back of me into you into your back into me.
Yes, and you're just trying to sit there enjoying your hash browns covered in cheese onions mushrooms and nine others substances.
You know, that's that's the running joke among small buddies is that you know ever since then it's like yeah, we're going to Waffle House and and well well now I see I would have to say my name for this but I'll let you beat that. It's they say, yeah, we're going to Waffle House. We're gonna get our hash browns, you know scattered covered and I don't even know what that means. They're like, yeah, you know, it's where we you know, we ordered the waffles and of the hash browns and they're full of glass.
I'm like, yeah, perfect because that was so much glass in my head.
So yeah and a broken ribs and a bruised kidney and you know the whole bit and so then you know, they have to come and get me load me up in an ambulance take me to a hospital. Where are you know, I sit you know in an ER for several hours and I had to call my buddy. They look man. I'm not going to be able to make it down to help judge the competition this morning said, you know, you may not believe or you may believe it myself but I just got run over inside of Waffle House. He's like, yeah, I can totally believe that coming from you.
So yeah, that was more popular.
What a dream of a story and imagine you're this you're this person. You've been everywhere all over. Ireland all over England Oliver Scotland all over Belgium and who knows where else I imagine some other places someone who loves travel and imagine if you get tipped you get taken out in a waffle house a few blocks from a few miles from your home.
Can you imagine I know and that is and you're right.
That was the thing. I mean because this particular Waffle House is, you know, no more than you know, five miles from my house. And wow, this is he oh and thank God for the greasy.
Oars in that place because otherwise share the care can write out from Ohio and I kind of bounced off the Womanhood and the whole bit but you know that chair had that come out from under me.
It would have just pushed me straight into that low bar there and would have crush me to death.
So you who are here today claiming that the the the the low the the the the low quality of cleaning.
Any of the Waffle House floors saved your life that the the layer of grease that congregates in Waffle House. Yes safety.
It's saved my life that day.
Now, you know the other thing about a waffle house is that there they will kill you one way or another but Oh, oh, I hope we get to cross paths someday, but I don't really hang out in bars.
So I don't know if that's gonna happen.
Well, you know, you know, maybe we you know, we might run across each other, you know, if I ever, you know, leave the country again, you know, it's I was that the last trip I took went to and I loved I loved to go out to Denver and I had a friend of mine. Who and I don't guess there's you know anything wrong with me saying but I have a friend who lives in Nashville and great town follow. It is a great time. I was just up there several months ago, but he calls me and he says and he's married with two small children and he had a third on the way.
And he said look he said before the third kid comes. He says I've really need just a couple of days for myself. He said to you want to meet me in Denver?
Yeah, we all know why we all know why but I said sure, you know meet you and so but we don't talk again for several weeks.
And so I get back in touch with him.
I mean just days before I'm supposed to meet him out there and I'm like, okay.
Well look, Where are you staying in Denver? Because I'm getting ready to either try and get a hotel room or an Airbnb or whatever. He says. Oh no, no, no, we're not staying in Denver. We're just meeting in Denver. Like well, then what are we going to do is like I'm renting a car man, and we're just going to drive all over Colorado.
Well, okay. Well, that's yeah, so we did that and we stayed in some really interesting airbnb's in some really remote. Parts of Colorado and it was amazing so holler, right Western Colorado.
My I think that might be the most physically beautiful section of the United States and I haven't been everywhere. I haven't been everywhere. There's still I think there's still four states, maybe five. I haven't been five states. I haven't been to but I know I've never been there but you know just about everywhere else I think for me, it's Alaska The Dakotas.
Oh, no. It's 6:00. Alaska The Dakotas, Montana, Wyoming and strangely enough, Wisconsin, even though Wisconsin has one of the most notoriously great comedy clubs in the country. I've never been booked their medicine on state. It's a bucket list item. I got a plan with Club. Yeah, Wisconsin of all the places to miss. I've been everywhere else in that region.
I'll get them. I told my agents told the agents find me Gibbs on those States. Let's do it.
Oh look how we just recently. It was my first time but back the Summer I was in Milwaukee for a week working and loved because you know, we're not because this was August and you know August where I live is just god-awful, you know, and you just you're walking around with swamp ass the entire month, you know, it's just it's 95 degrees and the humidity is 80% and it's just there's no relief from anything and so I get to Milwaukee.
You know if that same time, you know and it's which 70 during the day, you know, and it's 55 at night my God, I could live here. Yeah, that's the hardest thing to me about living in the south is that you know this the Summers down here are just brutal. I let me tell you this story. I was worried. I was another work trip.
I was in Philadelphia one year and was getting a cab and the the my cab driver was from the Congo and so we're talking we're having a conversation and he asked me where I live and I told him so it's really hot down there this time of year, huh with humidity and such. I'm like, yeah, it's brutal. Now. This is a guy from the Congo. Chris tells me, you know, you should leave their you need to leave their that type of weather takes years off your life.
But hey, yes.
You asked me in the beginning what my favorite place I've ever gone is and I said Sri Lanka, but I've never asked you at all these places all these American cities all these International places. I never got a chance to ask you. What's your absolute favorite?
You know, Chris.
Look, all right. Let me start with saying that the place that I think surprised me the most and a good way was Edinboro.
I just hit such a great City and not that you know, and I've had a great time everywhere that I've been I know you have but but I don't I don't you know, I think you always have certain expectations of things when you're when you're traveling somewhere. Are you just have certain expectations? And I'm not sure that I just really had a whole lot for Edinburgh, but when I got there if was amazing, I just magic I love that City. Yeah, it's so it's so cute. Yeah, and I would say probably maybe the other favorite place and maybe not one city in particular. But you know, you know the Bavarian region of Germany was It's just it's almost impossible to explain to someone who's not been there or seeing any of it. It is it's the prettiest part of the world I've ever seen just you know, the you're never more than just a couple of minutes walk from having a view of the Alps. Everything is so clean, you know, the Germans are such just you know, they're so Or about everything that we went to Oktoberfest while we were there in Munich and it's it's another I think misconception people have about Oktoberfest. It's just like this giant drunk fast, which I mean it is it's is why you will have that's what it is, you know, it's a state fair and and it's on these the huge parade grounds out there and you you had to look for a trash can it's not like there was a trashcan, you know, every 25 or 30 yards you had to you know, actively seek one out but there wasn't a single piece of trash on the ground anywhere, you know, and so those are the kinds of things that you know that I would notice and that was back in 2005 and 282. Day, I still Marvel at you know German efficiency because you know so many of the different hotels we stayed in you'd have to stick your key card into this little slot on the wall to make any of the electricity work and you only got one card. So when you left that room you had to take that card with you and everything shut off as opposed to Americans where the first thing we do when we walk into a hotel room.
Especially in the south is we turn the air conditioning as low as it will go we turn on every like we turn on the TV and then you know we leave and we just leave it all alone. So those are the kinds of things that you know, that that fascinate me, you know with travel in particular. Yeah, but wow, this is a really good fucking idea. Why aren't we doing it?
Meanwhile Manhattan has a garbage can on every corner and is filled with trash. Just filled with an endless amount of garbage. I was walking here to this office and let me reiterate the Earwolf office. I get out at a corner. I walk maybe 30 feet and I just saw a loose shoe on the ground. There's garbage cans on every corner loose shoe and who knows that might be someone having a really bad day when you see a loose shoe, maybe something bad happened. I'm not trying to judge. Anyway, give me the bullet point that have you ever.
Have you ever been to New York City, you know.
I have not been to Boston Boston and Philly.
Yeah, and you're skipping New York.
I've not had the opportunity to get there look up. Let me tell you this. I have a friend here where I live she works for a consulting firm here, and they Mostly what they do or write and administer like promotional tests for like police departments and fire departments, and that sort of thing well have recently they've landed like a like a prison contract there in New York. And so she's in New York a lot now and she loves it and and and I'm friends with her and her husband and they're like Yeah, we're definitely Moving here and I'm like, you're moving to New York from here.
She's like, oh, yes, you know, they love it. All right. I'm I'm coming up. I'm going to get there eventually.
I would love to hear we got to do a follow-up call with you someday where you tell me all about your impressions in New York because you might love it more than any place or you might hate it hard to say. I don't think there's too much of a middle ground with this town.
Well, you know, it's The thing that I love about travel is that you know any you know issues that you come across that you don't like. Well, you know, I don't live here but you know, there's also the other things that you do love and yeah, it'll look. I mean, I've I've been to not obviously not New York, but you know when you know, Philadelphia and Boston and hell, even, you know, New Orleans, which is, you know, not terribly far from where I live.
You know those, you know, things can get crazy in those cities and you know, it's and and I've got generally do pretty well with it. But yeah, I have to ask myself a lot of times. You know, could I live in that environment?
Yeah, I don't know now, but you should come down you should come down because it's about to see you know, we one year will take you to more to girl.
Okay, I love that and there's a bunch of cities with Mardi Gras as that. I just looked at.
It's a bunch like well, you know the people of this is this look now, here's something you should know. Okay, just you know for your own personal knowledge that the people in Mobile Alabama will claim or and they started more DeGraw but for whatever reason now, you know, New Orleans is the city that's known for Mardi Gras.
So yeah, that's a thing and I thought there's one.
Hey buddy alveston, Texas to there's a few of them.
Oh, I'm sure yeah, I'm sure they're all over the globe. But yeah, but the original Marta girl started in Mobile Alabama, but now you know New Orleans basically owns it now because you try haven't even asked you do you travel to all of you've mentioned that you travel for work within the states is the international travel work-based as well or is no you just love it. No, I just it's just, you know within the states that I travel for work.
So Yeah, I'm loved like I said earlier. I'd love to have a job where I could do that, you know internationally, but yeah, it's I haven't haven't found that particular role of that job yet. So and you know, and then the other thing is if I did that, you know, I have to find somebody to take care of my dog. I know how much you hate dogs. I don't know.
My wife has now a told me we are getting a dog. My wife has informed me. It's no longer a discussion. We're getting a duck. We have a son now and he's going to be an only child. She says if she's not going to have siblings got to have a dog and how can you argue with that? Okay.
Well, look, here's my advice and based on what the you know, the girl in the UK was telling you the other day. Yeah. Definitely. You don't want a border collie or Australian Shepherd or anything like that because those are working dogs. And if you're leaving them in an apartment, you know in Manhattan Brooklyn Queens. Means wherever you are that dog will destroy everything you want.
Okay, they need to be they need to be out. They need to be able to run they need to be able to work. You know, they need you know, constant interaction the Greyhound that she mentioned. It's just such a big dog. So, you know, I would think you know, you might look for like, you know, some sort of mid sized dog, you know, maybe you know Bulldog, you know, something like that, then you got to clean under its jowls.
And I hear that that's a horror show.
I've never actually I have a Pit Bull mix and he's great. I know those dogs get you know, they have a horrible reputation, but there's such great dogs and he's just as sweet as he can be. Yeah, I are people constantly in and out. My house and without even people just walk in and not once has he ever he doesn't care about anybody or anything that comes into my house but now in the backyard you know if anything comes into that yard that's his he owned he owns that part but otherwise no he's just a great dog love that yeah and also have a cat and which is odd that you know and they get along fairly well it took a few months for that to happen but what she swatted him several times and kind of you know laid the ground rules it all worked out can I ask you you we've heard about so many places you've been do you want can you just give us a bullet point list of some of the places we didn't get to hear about today just rile them off sure man all right so we What about the UK Belgium Germany Holland was another favorite Hungary Budapest was it was an it was the tourist. I don't think had really found Budapest at that point.
It's an amazing city which with such great contrast because being A part of that whole Eastern Bloc during the Cold War the the, you know old ancient architecture and that city is beautiful and then you can go one or two blocks over and it's nothing but those old Soviet era, you know concrete block structures that they slapped up when they were there.
So it was really wild. I've been to the Czech Republic Prague. Doug is a great City, but it's just overrun with tourists.
So yeah, but yeah and also yeah going back to Holland, you know, I've been to Amsterdam twice and and and you're going to say oh yeah sure. We know why you were in Amsterdam, but no really that's not why I was in Amsterdam.
It's every week any time an American mentions Amsterdam, you know, your first thought is well.
Yeah, you know pot and hookers, but there is so much more to that city than that. It's beautiful to begin. Yes, everybody speaks English, you know everybody's you have to be careful because several on several occasions. I was almost run down by people on bicycles because everybody in that city has a bike and if you're not careful, yeah, you will get run over and yeah, I know that we have cities like that in the States. But again where I'm from people don't ride bikes to get anywhere, you know, they may have one that they take out for you know. A workout or exercise but they don't use a bike as a means of transportation. But over there. Yeah, everybody does it and if you're not careful, they will plow right over you now.
Can I give you some sad news? We're at a time. Oh well.
It was a great call. I thought you know, that's up enjoyed it. I loved it do everyone it always is people are right. It does just fly by now.
Can I say something a little tender?
Well, you mentioned at the top of the code. We didn't even get to talk about it that you're recently divorced within the past few years. I know that's never going to be an easy thing. I'm telling you. I bet there's a lot of our listeners right now who are going who is this guy? Who's so easy with a conversation quick with a joke loves to drink and wants to see the whole world.
How do I get in touch with this guy? I bet there's a lot of listeners thinking that right now. I hope that's a self-esteem boost for you. Are you like also like Six foreign super muscular got washboard abs I am I'm six feet 180 pounds. God damn it. That's pretty all right. I like okay. You're good to go.
Listen, what a joy to talk to you what an easy conversation and thanks for letting us know about what it's like being such a citizen of the world.
Hey, thanks so much for everything you do man.
Call her Ike, I love that conversation so much. I've been so lucky that between work and my marriage that I've been dragged into so much travel and hearing that you have that same excitement about it and hearing how much of it is about bellying up to the bar and you can people where they really live what a refreshing conversation at what a reminder that even as things are tense. Right now in this world that people are good.
Thanks for underlining that again for me. Thank you. Jared O'Connell in the booth. You're now in the booth. Thank you Anita floors in the booth. Everybody is in the booth right now. We got so many people in the booth. Thanks Shaq for the music. You don't know about me when I'm hitting the road Chris get that cam show go to Apple podcast rate if you subscribe really helps when you do see you next time.
Next time on beautiful Anonymous a bird spit sorting pill illegally shipping teenager calls in to tell us about the state of the world.
I have recently like exit at home with nothing to do and these are the two activities that I've been doing while to podcast and I thought that you might enjoy sifting through Birds fit like me like bird birds that I don't I don't really know what what it is. But apparently it's like one of the most expensive substances to exist or Something I don't know.
It's like clear. I wear like rubber gloves and like takes through it talking about.
That's next time on beautiful anonymous.
In celebration of the 200th episode, Chris shares 200 lessons hes learned from Beautiful/Anonymous, ranging from heartbreaking to hilarious.
Hi everybody. It's Chris gethard the music's playing but I'm not gonna do the Spiel because we're doing something special today everybody Chris gethard. And this is a little mini thing that we're putting together as a thank you to everyone who's been supporting the show 200 episodes 200 episodes. We dropped 200 episodes and I just wanted to do something intimate and small to just say such a genuine. Thank you, you know for the 100th episode we talked to a couple people to different people who were 100 years old.
And for the 200th episode we said well, we can't find a 200 year old person. What are we gonna do and I thought about I was like, you know the show so intimate this show really feels like a connection between me and each individual caller when I go on the road and meet all the listeners. It feels like an intimate connection between me and each listener and then you start to realize we're all feeling that and it feels like this web of people this community what a beautiful thing.
It's changed my life. So what I decided to do was just as a thank you to the fans here. 200 things I have learned or been very much reminded of via hosting beautiful anonymous.
One people root for each other too many people in this world do not feel listened to three humans know how to survive some bad stuff for the world is dark five. The world is Harsh six. The world is hilarious seven. The world is filled with people who prioritize kindness eight people want to help. Each other nine people have been through the worst stuff often have the best senses of humor 10 saying stuff out loud can go a long way 11 raccoons. Sometimes live in people's homes, 12 donkeys can make good pets 13 people get very upset when you say you don't love dogs 14 middle-aged women are far more badass than anyone gives them credit for 15 it is shocking. How many women have experienced some form of sexual aggression shocking that has that is something I theoretically knew before the show.
It has blown my mind how many callers have relayed that it's shocking 16 men are way more willing to be vulnerable when it's Anonymous 17 the need for toughness. That's the most overrated quality expected particularly of American men 18 out of All the hard things I've heard nothing seems harder than losing a child 19 Moon Mist good flavor of Faygo had it in Detroit. It's good. Moon mist is good 20.
The biggest demographic of people is probably people who don't want to fit into a simple demographic of people 21. Apparently. I have a nice voice. I did not know that I hate my voice. I've hated my voice my whole life, but a lot of you guys have said I have a nice wife. Is a very mind-blowing to me 22 even in 2020. It seems like a lot of Life comes down to work sex religion and Finley 23 prisons are a scam.
Listen to that follow up with the prison bound collar. Oh my God prisons are messed up in their economic design horrible two people look into it 24. I can hate guns and other people can love guns and we can Both be right at the same time. Those can co-exist 25 sometimes all you need in this life is a crazy-ass Goose laughs 26 deaf. People can listen to podcasts 27.
Apparently, my best friend is an Australian guy. I've never met in person 28. There's a lot of people who want to sing in this world and they Just Gotta Sing 29 I've learned that dying isn't as scary as I used to think 30 not living that's the scariest thing in the world 31 if we all had one friend as good as those Road dogs, the world would be a happier place 32 I've learned that giraffe is not a good nickname 33.
It has been reiterated to me that my mom does not like cursing 34 my Aunt Karen. Does not like cursing 35 learned it can be really tough to get a passport short notice 36 are are a lot of lonely people in this world. 37 most people still feel hope 38 when you say you don't like dogs lot of people really immediately want to tell you what kind of dog you should get 39 fans of phone calls are good Huggers 40 people in Toronto are so nice. They don't even ask for their money back when a live call drops like 11 times 41. There's always at least one left to be found even inside the darkest subjects 42 cook on medium heat. If you don't know what you're doing 43, sometimes you gotta just yell at a tree 44. Apparently, you can make a good living by writing 20,000 songs about poopy and cities in Midwest 45 things can get better 46 things can also get worse 47 if you take a plunge and buy a record store. It might just turn out. Okay 48 the Filly SEPTA train system has a lot of weirdos on it 49 people do not like co-hosts on my show. I have learned this the hard way. It doesn't even matter if it's Katie Couric someone of a cultural status like Katie. Kurt you guys just want phone calls man and it's very confusing and also flattering 50 heroin is one of the worst things to ever exist 51 teachers who make out with students are bad bad people 52 reconciling your own pest does a lot of good for your future 53 sometimes when I'm sad about my entertainment career job being stressful.
I I need to remind myself that other people have survived actual civil wars in countries where life is actually hard 54 turns out satanists can be pretty chill 55 Americans can be pretty uptight and assume that bad things are gonna happen 56 that being said we later heard from the Australian bush man caller who said things did eventually get Shady. So maybe we got a point 57. Apparently, I would be really popular in Perth. With Australia 58. I learned that Copenhagen has a neighborhood where there are no laws 59. I'll say it again people don't fit into boxes demographics are a lot 60.
A lot of division amongst people is created by people who make money off of getting clicks 61 londoners will tolerate sitting and then Nando's just to hang out with me and Jared. 62 I have learned in so many ways that I don't know nearly as much as I think I do 63 getting corrected is a great thing as long as you can resist the urge to be defensive 64 life works better if you listen more than you talk 65, so do phone-based podcasts. I learned that it took me a couple months to learn that but you got to listen more than you talk when you're doing a phone-based podcast.
X whether you're born in Cuba or the Deep South I am always impressed by people who traveled to a lot of different places 67. I've learned how to chew into a microphone without being heard most of the time 68. I've learned how to burp into a microphone without being heard most of the time 69. I've learned how to suck a mini jawbreaker Candies near a microphone without being hurt most of the time 70 I have Have not learned how to change a diaper near a microphone without you guys hearing it. That one. I have not mastered 71. I've learned how to pour water near a microphone. But I think you guys do here that most of the time 72 I've learned how to read ads for ridiculous things with a straight face. I know it and you guys know it 73. I've also learned how to put real enthusiasm into the ads for products that I really believe in and luckily for me in this show more often than not that is the case.
Quite lucky with the advertisers we get 74 once you learn about a person it becomes much harder to hate them 75 Perfection is overrated 76. No one lives a life where you don't have to throw a few punches along the way 77. I've learned that podcast are what they are because they're Intimates and listen to during times of their personal and in that way along with others if they're Really beautiful 78 I've learned that you can't trust that snake Harry Nelson 79 young people get underestimated all the time and it is pissing them off 80.
A lot of people in this world have unfulfilled artistic Ambitions and it just bums me out every time bums me out 81, sometimes people already know the advice they need to hear. They just need to hear someone else. Say it out loud. 82 listening doesn't cost you a dime 83 being kind doesn't cost you a dime 84 empathy goes a long way 85 might be weird to say this on a phone based podcast, but I think our phones might be killing our social abilities 86 the internet is the most extreme double-edged sword in human history.
Seven for some people their own religions can scare the shit out of them. Sorry Sally 88 for other people their religions afford them the greatest opportunity to do good in the world 89. I've learned that I'm probably still a little more Catholic than I thought 90. I've also learned that I'm not the only Catholic who feels this way.
91 I've learned that some people already did that one? Okay, that's our first repeat when you write 200 of these things. We're gonna have some repeats. I mean, it's a better written version of the one who have guns. I end this one by saying we can also both be right and both be wrong and those things can co-exist which is probably a more eloquent way to end the one about this.
I wonder how many other real God now I'm all stressed out. We all knew it was gonna happen Okay 92 people are as amused. By New Jersey as they are grossed out by it 93 there are many ways to go off the deep end and it can happen to anyone 94. It is common for people to make bad choices, but it is rare for them to have bad intentions 95.
I'd rather die quickly then slowly 96. I'd like to die in a way. That stress is my family out as little as possible. 97 I breathe a sigh of relief that I've lived a lot. I know that sometimes I complain on the show I get stressed out, but I know I've lived a lot of life. I'm still relatively young and I feel really lucky about that 98 if you have a chance to share something that might help people it's honorable to do so 99.
It's okay to keep a few secrets for yourself. Even if you are an open book. 100 professional wrestler might be the last job where you get to live PT Barnum asked Carney existence so jealous when I heard about that guy was a wrestler number 101. I have been reminded everybody asks about my son. I get to be reminded every time they do I love my son so much and talking to so many people Humanity loves their kids so much 102 I've learned that I worry way too much 103. I've learned that everyone worries too much 104 the rare times I talk to people who aren't consistently worried. Take a deep breath remind myself that I should try to be a little more like them 105.
No one will ever convince me that math doesn't suck 106. I gotta stop telling people that They shouldn't go to college. Okay, it's gonna bite me in the ass when my kid is in high school. I got to stop saying that 107. I have learned sadly that Americans across the board. They're not happy right now. They're stressed out 108.
I've learned from speaking at International colors that Americans can be very confusing to the rest of the world. 109 I've learned that Australians are like Americans but they tend to have cooler jobs and better accents 110. I've learned that animals in Australia are as terrifying as I think they are 111.
I've learned the English sense of humor. It's layered and they like me but there's jokes over there that I'm never going to get when I'm in London and people joke about accents and what a northern accent sounds like and what not. I I'm never I'm never gonna get it. I'm it's too specific and to layer but that's beautiful. That's beautiful to go to a place and realize you don't get the inside jokes 112 so many places I've been able to visit. Let's talk. Let's go on a little run about the places. I've been able to visit 112 Detroit has a lot more art than any of us realize and a lot more wild people doing cool things 113 Hudson Valley fans.
There's art scene has there but they're not not all artsy menu also got this like libertarian. We got guns. We're living in the mountains up there. That's another vibe up there in the Hudson Valley to school 114 San Francisco. Oh my God, the comedy fans. There are thoughtful and refreshing and I go to San Francisco. I know that's it. He's being changed by Tech, but that place makes me feel so relaxed and happy to be alive 115 this show brought me to Vancouver for the first time. I've been hearing about Vancouver for years. It says cool. People say 116 Seattle beautiful place sophisticated Place smart people in Seattle talking to me after the show, but Seattle also feels like it has a dark side 117.
I've learned that Portland Oregon is the best city in the world. As long as you never asked the question. Wait, what was that all about? I was walking through Portland once we're doing a live show at there. And so this van pull up at the curb and the door opened and some guy just got up off the bench walked up to the open door and nobody really said anything or did anything and then the door closed and the van sped away. I was like wait, what was that all about? And that's when I learned never to ask that question of Portland makes you think too hard 118 Chicago.
Oh my God, Chicago is my spirit City in so many ways. I should have lived in Chicago at some point in my life. That will be a regret. I've learned that 119 Philly fans. PR honest baby, we did the live taping their at the TLA and it was really cool and rough around the edges and the content of the call and the people and that crap with the best 120.
I knew this but doing live tapings their reiterates it Jersey has my back 121 every time we do a live show at the Bell house. It's sold out Susie as mm. I love Brooklyn has my back 122. Oh my God. I have learned that. More is pure magic Baltimore. That's the most underrated city in America Baltimore people there artsy their thoughtful their psyched that city is so interesting and that city is not blown out.
Oh my God, it gets to 123. I'm gonna go ahead and say it the Otto bar in Baltimore. I have learned that that's my favorite venue in America best place to perform in my opinion for me fits me so well I fit. Love that place 124 I am thrilled that my job has taken me to all these places and allowed me to meet so many people 125 phone conversations can be intense, but there's nothing like a quiet exchange after a show to remind you that the people they're all out here man 126 I have learned that I am great on the phone and terrible at talking in person. You ask anyone who's ever met me in real life hard on. Uncomfortable conversations. I'm eternally sorry about that 127.
Sometimes it is hard to know that the success of this show has opened this Pandora's Box where sometimes it feels like the world gets to unload on me. That's a strange feeling sometimes but on my best days, I remember that this is an honor and not a burden 128. I really and truly believe that regular people are more interesting than celebrities.
129 I really and truly believe that regular people are getting fed up 130. I really and truly believe that it is regular people that have the ability to change the world 131. It is both demoralizing and inspiring that Despair and hope coexist and fight it out with in so many of us 132 love the things you love and do not Apologize 133 please still try anytime. I talk to somebody who used to be in despair at some point Who's now on the other side of it.
Universally they are so happy to still be here. Please still try 134. I've learned that Grammy Award winner Jared O'Connell is really great at what he does genuinely. So it allows me to show up and just be a putz and somehow I'm a successful show. Thank you Jerrod for everything. 135 shy people they're the ones with the craziest stories 136.
All right, let's get a little graphic and personal. Here's what I've learned. I've learned that when you put too much honey in your Earl Grey tea and you drink it way, too often. It makes your poop come out like these weird little rabbit pellets. I think I had to ease off on the honey 137 talking about politics can be exhausting but talking about politics. Through the lens of how they're affecting the day-to-day lives of an individual regular person. That's not exhausting at all that gets very eye-opening 138.
It's our second repeat. Oh God writing 200 things is so hard. Okay, I'm just gonna skip that while can I've learned that I'm I don't have a great memory for things. I wrote this took me like weeks to write all these okay cut me some slack 139. No hobby is dorky if you like it enough. 140 people are going to doubt your ideas. Don't listen to those people stick with your ideas. If you really believe in them 141 old school forms of communication.
They still have a lot to offer and I really hope that people get Innovative thinking about how to use them 142. Sometimes the scariest stretches of your life are also the ones you look back most fondly on 143 one of my Artist accomplishments is that in 200 episodes. I have never once tweeted the wrong number and barrage some unsuspecting person with thousands of cause that's probably the thing that I think is the most unlikely success of this shows. I've never ruin someone's day with the wrong phone number 144 the world might be broken and we might not be able to fix it. But I'm happy to learn there's a hell of a lot of people in this world who are gonna go down swinging as they try.
145 the three things that I believe people cannot live without our food water and hope 146 not throwing shade on my past projects, but it does feel good to make art that more than a group. Okay. This is our first should I just try it again? We're not doing drops baby. If I mess it up 146 in before I've misspoken for the first time Jared no drops. Let them hear the flaws.
Let him hear let them see the scar. She okay 146. I'm not trying to throw shade at any other work. I've done in the past but it does feel good to make art that more than a tiny group of sad teens. Enjoy 147 that being said I still so truthfully think that said teens are the people who have the most potential to change things for the better 148.
One of the things that makes me satisfied is when people Don't feel free to be who they are 149 doing live episodes often means a lot of traveling alone. But when I get to meet the listeners after the show's I that is very often when I feel the least alone in my life. 150 selfishly I'm happy to know that if I pass away these conversations Will Survive and the way that I felt about so many aspects of the world or remain on record 151.
I don't know if all the corporate people around here are gonna love me saying this one, but let's put it out there. Honestly, I've learned that I don't like pay walls. Don't love pay walls. I think that's fair for me to say that being said I am proud of The a lot of stuff we put behind the pay wall. We work really hard to make sure that it's worth your guys time and money.
152 I gotta say here. I'm gonna tell you guys I might I might cockiest days. I wish these conversations could be somehow archived and used in academic settings. Maybe it's because I'm an American Studies major, but I feel like these would have fit in those classes. I took at because I'll tell you when I'm not being modest and I usually am self-defeating but when I'm not being modest, I feel like these things might be capturing our era of cultural history in our own. It's the way that those letters can Burns uses in his documentaries used to 153.
I also have a lot of doubtful days. So since I was just pretentious let me get on record. I am well aware that I'm just farting out phone calls here. All right and having fun doing it 154 we have to watch out for forms of communication that are texts DMS tweets Facebook posts those Things are all fine for what they are, but we really have to value and get back in our lives the forms of communication that aren't that 155.
I am filled with the constant question 100 years from now.
How are our great-grandkids going to know any of us?
What will they have? 156 I'm somebody who has thought a lot about Legacy. But maybe what actually matters more than that is just having a happy and regular life. 157 I make money to Comedy and acting and writing but this show has taught me to stop believing in that question when people ask me what I am because now I know the answer is just a person. All right things you do. Do not define who you are 158 for a lot of people creativity is medicine.
A lot of people creativity heals them. I love seeing that 159 the world simply put is more fun. If you assume the best in people 160, one of my favorite things to witness ever is when a person the world underestimates stops under estimating themselves 161 begrudgingly. I got to admit colleges actually served many people. Well, it didn't work for me. I didn't love it. But for a lot of people it's actually been a good thing 162. So happy that this so reminds me so often cynicism gets you nowhere 163 one of the most inspiring things in the world is learning the methods people have found to push through tragedy.
164 when I meet listeners in person and they tell me the show has meant a lot to them. It means a lot to me 165 sometimes I wish that I had felt less pain when I was younger, but I think that's probably what makes me sympathetic to other people's pain now, so I really don't think I would go back and erase that pain even if I could.
166 I've learned that I really like working in the audio medium better than I like working on TV are a lot of reasons may be Chief among them. It makes it harder for people to identify who I am and bother me while I'm trying to eat ice cream on a date with my wife 167 out of all the projects. I've done over the years. I think that beautiful Anonymous listeners. They're probably the ones who know the real me best 168 I want to make sure that my son sees as many places as he can 169.
I want my son to be more comfortable talking to people than I am 170. I am glad as I get happily older and happily Lamer that my son he's gonna be able to experience my past work. He'll find all this stuff someday and he might know that at some point. I was kind of cool. It's like a cool artist Brooklyn for a while. Until now that that's good 171 important one bombas legit great socks not kidding. They did not pay for this. This is not some some secret content that they paid for bombas are the best every like everybody. I know who gets them is like, you know, you weren't lying about the bombas 172 not trying to throw anybody under the bus who has paid me money over the years, but I'm I will I'm gonna sit I still feel bad that we advertise that psychic service that one time. I didn't 100% understand what it was and that's my bad. That's my bad. It was a you know, for show that has a lot of people who maybe have some mental stuff going on it when I'm not being a great match. I'm not disparaging their service just wasn't a great match for us. That's one that I am my bad 173.
It's very odd to Need to learn how social change moves so fast, but also not at all simultaneously 174. It's nice to serve a purpose 175. I'm proud that I've been so open about my mental health, but I am also legitimately terrified at times how often this leads to me sharing the pain of other people's mental health problems 176. I've learned it.
So e times pain reminded of it via this show so many times 176. I love being alive 177. I think if I'm remembering right, I've only had to pause one call ever to go pee halfway through and that's a miracle 200 calls. I think I've only stopped to pee once 178. I've wanted this over and over again on the show. It can take decades to sort out weird shit that happened during your childhood.
Nine, I've learned in America probably shouldn't be one country like realistically it's like seven different countries culturally. It's weird. It's weird that this large amount of space is one thing 180. I've learned to constantly remind myself that is a white person and a guy my experience of the world is not the Baseline that applies to everyone 181 things can go bad in the blink of an eye. My 182 good times can come out of nowhere 183 I gotta stop spending my whole life feeling like I'm in such a rush man.
I always feel like I'm in a rush. That's a big part of why people never slow down and learn about each other. 184 I got to spend less time worrying about what I want and more time appreciating what I have. I have to tell you over the past four years doing the show this that's probably one of the major effects of show us had on me is it has made me really appreciate things. I have 185 It is such a shame. That being kind is not everyone's starting point 186. There's so many places. I've never been I talk to people from all over the world. There's no so many places. I haven't been this show has made me want to see every place.
187 everybody in the world would be well served to cut themselves some slack 188 find it interesting that people who choose to live in more isolated settings often seem to feel less loneliness than those who live in very crowded places. 189 I have learned that loneliness is a cancer loneliness grows and it is hard to stop and mannequin kill you one. Ninety.
One of the most frustrating people's. Oh God. Okay. I got up to 190 only misspoke twice Cherry. We're going to leave these in so people can realize that I'm a goddamn professional. Okay. Oh God, you're in the tail stretch get the let's go. I got some. Good hard-hitting ones in the last ten. Let's do it.
Okay deep breath one. Ninety. One of the most frustrating feelings that I've seen on display via the show over and okay, so frustrating to have motivation and know where to direct it 191 who this next one is true. When you find people in this world who think even remotely like you do. Hang on to those people.
192 everyday there is the potential for lunacy to erupt and honestly, it's on you to either endure that lunacy or enjoy that lunacy 193 age doesn't Define as half as much as we think it does when we're young when you're young you fear getting old, but if I talk to everybody of all different ages and the older people Very often man. They're still Livin cool lines fun lives and they're in the more Zen Place such a great thing to learn so much stress when you're young about running out of time man.
Getting old is fun 194. I spent a lot of time in my life letting my fears dictate my decisions and it is much better to find some trust in the world. This show is made me trust the world exponentially more than I did before I started doing it. Thank you to everyone is called and made that happen 195. This one's a little bit of a repeat but I don't care because it's so true.
The most important part of talking by far is listening. 196 it makes people feel really good when you ask him a question and then you actually demonstrate that you want to hear the answer. I think that a lot of times we feel like people ask us questions and it's just pausing before their next turn to talk means a lot when clearly interested 197 people can hang on to trauma and keep it secret for years and a lot of times That's not necessarily because they're ashamed or they're afraid they just feel like no one cares gotta care 198. It takes a lot more strength to be sincere than it does to be cynical cynicism equals weakness sincerity equal strength $1. 99 number 199. That's staying blank. I intentionally said, I'm not writing anything for 199. Why because it's a reminder. Under that even though I'm listening to hundred things. I've learned. I got a lot more to learn and I know that all the time $1. 99 is blank. I got a lot left to learn. I can't fill in all these things. It would be disingenuous 200 maybe the most important thing that I've learned through this show think maybe something that a lot of people have learned and reminded of be in the show love is everywhere.
It really is. It really is.
That's 200 things. I've learned or been very much reminded of thanks to my time. Hosting beautiful. Anonymous have to thank everybody over the years who has made this show happen. I mean going back. I want to go back to the early. I mean think I mean Jeff alric who helped build this show Eric Dean Chris been and Colin Anderson everybody man, the Reverend John tool or great a cone Jerry O'Connell Harry Nelson and need a Flores Jordan Allen everybody, man. Everybody helps with this show everybody who's ever advertised on the show and most of all everybody who listens to the show and such a huge. Thank you. Everybody calls trusts me to be the shepherd of their stories and who has I'm not kidding made me think about the world differently and believe in humanity more than I ever have and who has helped me.
Grow up in so many ways that have made me a better person thanks to all the musicians who contributed music to today's episode shall shag. Of course whose theme song has meant the world sums up the themes of the show, I think clicks with people for a reason. Love you Shell Shack. Mikey are Jeff. Rosenstock Laura Stevenson, Mal Blum all such good friends support them support their work. Thanks for listening to this show. Hope we get to do 200 more 500 more a thousand more. I That when I drop dead it's talking into a microphone with one of you. I hope that's when it happens. I hope I'm 89 and I can barely hear you and talking to a real human being out there in the world. Thanks for listening everybody.
A Gen Z-er (or zoomer!) unpacks the complexities of being mixed race, her mom's secret pill business, why bird spit is a delicacy, and what it's like growing up in the age of climate change. This episode is brought to you by Truly Grass Fed (www.trul...
READ MORE
Hello to all my pills sorting bird spitters one phone call. No names No Holds Barred.
Don't push fast. Pour it on the intro.
Guess what the beautiful?
Kannamma miss is official tickets going on sale. I think today I think the Tuesday this is dropping if not the next day or so. So we are working hard to get those tickets up right now Thursday, May 14th, Sunday, May 17th. We got nine shows over four days.
We are four big with this bad boy sucking live tapings.
We're talking the best comedy bills. You're going to see in New York this year. It's no joke you go. You look at the Through these shows. It's the heaviest hitters. You can find in New York City. It's we're talking music shell shags playing the eighteen thousand songs guys playing we're talking to screening of contact and so much more including a really ambitious crazy day Saturday where you get to meet a ton of pest callers those tickets go get them. You can go to beautiful Economist. Com you go to the Bell House website. I'll be plugging it in the Facebook group all over the place. It's going to be so fun.
I want to see you in May. Let's bring all the introverted socially. Awkward fans and this podcast together in the same place the first time ever it was party. Let's party in Brooklyn for four days in May. It's gonna be so fun. I'll see you there. Okay, this week's episode. I've found it. So interesting, you know, this is a younger caller.
And first thing I'll say is sometimes younger collars on the show got knocked a little bit people say, oh they say the word like too much or you know, their their worldview. It Feels So Young this I feel like this caller speaks so genuinely and and so intelligently and and I hope everybody really listens to them and takes it seriously because a couple things I'll put out there one first of all it's funny when you hear about the activities that this verse is doing including a discussion of bird spit that I'd never thought I'd have you know, I talked about so many things on this show that I never saw coming and bird spit absolutely is one of them we also talked something I think Totally valid that the young Generations that are that are alive right now. They are inheriting problems that are being created by Generations older than them and that in that aren't being corrected at a rate that gives them much confidence because I'm a lot of fear caller speaks to all of that. It goes in a whole bunch of different directions funny and serious. I loved it. I hope you do too.
Thank you for calling beautiful Anonymous a beeping noise will indicate when you are on the show with the host.
Just hello hi. Hey, hi. How's it going?
It's going. All right, feeling pretty good. My stomach's being a little tricky, but that happens from time to time with me.
Oh, you know might just pop a few Pepto-Bismol there had a little this morning.
I tell you what it was. I did a stand-up set last night. And then when I was walking home, I passed the 7-Eleven and late at night. I decided it was a good idea to eat a microwaved 7-Eleven bean and cheese burrito.
Well, you were wrong. That was probably not the right decision to serve to pay for I deserve to have a bad day the next day eating a 7-Eleven burrito at 10:30 at night.
Yeah, I deserve this. That's okay. How are you?
I am good. My heart is beating really fast. I actually just woke up nice. I am in the west coast so it is not that bad.
Right but you're still making up for your stuff. You're not waking up at 3 p. M. Okay, you're saying it home for um, yeah, I'm home from college for the first time.
I am a I'm a baby. I've just turned 18 in a couple months ago. Wow happy.
Well, it wasn't October when I say just turn 18. Okay. Well, thank you. I appreciate. Cheated Fair there.
So I have been listening to podcast for a couple of years now and I have recently like I've been at home with nothing to do. So, I've been listening to it a lot more and these are the two activities that I've been doing while it seemed to the podcast and I thought that you might enjoy sifting through bird spit like me I What bird bird spit I don't I don't really know what what it is.
But apparently it's like one of the most expensive substances to exist or something or Pi T. Yeah, like I'm pretty sure so I'm I'm half Cambodian and so I like I don't know my grandma's just like here is this like I don't know. It's like You're kind of like the consistency of jelly, but basically I were like rubber gloves and like takes through it.
What are you talking about?
And it has like some good medicinal quality or something. It sounds pretty ridiculous. And I'm pretty sure it's like very very expensive. So I always wondered what it tasted like but I yeah, it's just too expensive to even try no wait.
Wait. Wait. I have a question. I never thought I'd ask now when you put on the gloves and you're sorting through the bird spit. What are you hoping to find in there?
Oh, I'm like, there's like little tiny feathers. I'm like dirt and shit in it because it's like birdseed. Oh, so I'm just like picking the feathers out.
You're sifting those out. So it's a more pure version of the bird spit.
Yeah. Yeah, and I can't really do much or watch anything. So it's listen to your sweet sweet voice.
And is your grandma Distributing the birds bit. She has purchased the birds fit for her personal use and you're cleaning up for her.
She yeah the latter okay. Okay. Alright and the seconds one I would you know, maybe I should have started with the second one because the first one was more ridiculous, but the second one sounds a lot more like an operation in which I repackage medication that like I think I you know, honestly this might be against the law but it's okay for good cause my mom works at a pharmacy and so she I don't know if she steal that steal it or buys it or whatever, but I don't really know the circumstance but at a certain point they like throw out a lot of medication that isn't expired. So she like takes it we're steals. I don't know but then I like real like pop them out pop them out and then like count them out. We like again wearing the rubber gloves and like way it out in Thai Ziploc bags, and then my mom takes it back.
Yeah, and like gives it to maximum poor people who can't afford medications.
But so this is not like Oxycontin. This is not your mom's not no.
No, it's okay. No, it's like acetaminophen just like Tylenol. Yeah. Yeah.
Hello, so but it is a little strange like like in the midst of it and I'm just surrounded by thousands and thousands of pills.
Yeah.
This is a weird way to spend your home from are you still on winter break right now?
I can you believe it. I am solving a break. I'm leaving in two days, and I'm really itching to go back.
So you've spent your whole winter break putting on rubber gloves and Sorting through it sounds like your spanning both eastern and western medicine.
Yeah, I guess so. Yeah strange way to spend your first winter break, um a little bit. Yeah. Yes. I also still cannot believe that I'm speaking to you on the phone right now because this is actually the first time I've tried calling through didn't think it would work. But here we are.
Yeah meant to be. Yeah, that's nice. I know my first winter break when I Has home my dad had me work at the warehouse of his company at the time and I fell asleep while standing on an assembly line. And when I woke up I my whole job was to stick a stick into a section of the machine if Visine bottles tipped over in it and it had fallen asleep while standing up and it was being overrun and I woke up and instead of using my stick in my right hand. I reached into the machine with my left hand.
A big giant scar on my pinky and it was everyone who worked that particular assembly line was an older woman. They would transfer older women onto this Lyman when they were towards the end of their working years. So it was called the worker the women's line and I was the first work stoppage injury on the women's line in decades.
Well, you really made a name for yourself phone, huh?
I did and my father was mocked merces mercilessly after that fair his son. I see injured on an asylum.
I was once told a story by one of my Ras who worked at is like a a hey bailing company and he well long story short. Someone is entire body got inside of the hey bathing machine and they were sliced and diced.
I think cool. I don't like that. I don't like that imagery.
It's a bit of a yeah, but your your factory.
Resetting reminded me of that do you feel as I did I my first winter break I took it as a message from my father for him to say you better get your own job for the summer or you'll be working in this Factory all summer. I took it as almost a here's what I can offer you kids. So winter break you do this and it will motivate you to find something more in your wheelhouse for the summer.
Do you feel like your time spent sorting bird spit is a similar effort to get you motivated. For the summer?
No, I don't think so. I think it's just like they need to play someone needs to do it and I have hands. Yeah, it's just no one else have had so yeah, well wouldn't that be tragic know everyone else does have hands but I have no youthful. Yes more diligent. Whatever.
Yes, your youthful diligent hands are primed and ready for sorting feathers out of bird spit. Yes.
Yeah exactly. That's what they were yet.
I mean, I don't understand but I understand.
I wish I wish that you could really like imagine and like actually see it happening really. It is actually kind of the worst. Sometimes I'm doing it. I'm like this is a little touch of hellish. Yeah, it sounds But yeah, anyways, another thing that I've been thinking about that I thought that we can maybe talk about because you just have a you just had a child, right?
Yeah, did he turns 9 months old today?
That's quite a few months. I was listening to the episodes out of order. So I didn't really like get to gauge how old he was because sometimes I'd be listening to them like, you know, I feel like you get I'm trying to say even though the sentence structure is poor. It's okay.
Glad to have four sentence drive around here. That's fine. We don't We're Not Gonna not Grammar sticklers here on beautiful Anonymous.
No way great. That's good news. Yeah. So I you know have never really liked children to be honest, but I always intended on having my own kids just because I kind of wanted to be in on it. Yeah. Yeah. It's like the whole it changes your whole like I just wanted to be in on it, but You know, the climate crisis is happening and it's probably not ethical for me to have kids. It's terrifying or even possible.
It's really a lot. I think about it a lot. My wife is very much an environmentalist and really cares and goes to protests and It's really scary. It's brought a lot of information. That's why I realized that I've been a little willfully ignorant. But this climate change stuff is terrifying. Yeah.
It's sort of like It's sort of hard to wrap my head around because it is like impending doom and sort of an unprecedented type of. Of events that are happening. But yeah, it's a little weird to think that I probably won't get old or like retire or have get a senior citizens discount or anything like anything like that.
But yeah, so that's been kind of strange especially with the don't mean anything you believe that because we're talking about 50 years from now effectively 47 years.
If you're 18, that would be retirement age. You're saying you don't think you'll make it you think the world will Into a hellish fire pit before that.
Well, I suppose it's being a bit pessimistic but I mean, yeah effectively. Yeah.
Wow and I I know you can't speak for everybody do you but do you get the sense? This is a sort of a shared opinion amongst people your age right now because we are actively people older than me are actively screwing over people of your age actively.
Yeah. It's a bit weird just because of the how big it is. I don't know. I was talking to one of my friends. Yes. Day about where I would want to eventually study abroad and I was thinking Australia for a long time, but then just casually we were like well Australia probably won't be inhabited by then anyways, so I guess we'll move on from that idea, but it's all very I don't know I maybe did we just don't know the whole premise of it, but it's all rather casual and something that we all have come to understand pretty universally.
So there's almost a resigned exes. Essential acceptance of the world's dying nobody's fixing it. So I let's just assume that one continent won't be a place we can go you guys are just kind of yeah, gritting your teeth and bearing it. That's sad.
Okay. Yeah, it's I well. Okay, so I did some Student Government things in high school and it crushed my heart and soul but I've got roped into Do it again in college, which is better because I get paid for it, which is awesome. But it's like I'll be doing stuff with sustainability and the whole sort of like, I feel like there's two sides of it where it's Oh, yeah, we're going to die in like 10 years from now or whatever the projection is.
So there's a lot of work to be done or we're going to die in 10 years from now and no one is going to do anything about it. So might as well not do anything anyways, so I'm sort of kind of balancing those two out trying to figure out where I land.
It's really really scary. And you know what I think about you first of all, it's a terrifying just because of the basics you see Australia on fire you seek out. For Nia and fire. You see flooding in parts of the Midwest that have not experienced anything like this before you see you here Pete Buddha judge talking about as a mayor. They experienced flooding of that was supposed to be a once in a millennium occurrence and it happened twice within a couple years just that scary. But the thing I think about a lot that I don't think is maybe at the Forefront of everybody's Minds is there's so many other systemic problems that are actually really either rooted in or exacerbated by climate change and that's a really that's a really it's like a whole system that we're not fixing for example, like there's so much unrest now about refugees and people, you know, especially I think in in Europe right now and I don't have an in-depth understanding but there's tons of situations where people are getting in, you know, small boats and rafts and vessels in Northern Africa and Desperately to make it over to Europe but a lot of that is rooted in the fact that if there are sections of the world that are uninhabitable where there's not enough water anymore where there's not enough food anymore where you can't live because of the climate. Yeah humans are going to go en masse to other areas.
So it's almost it's almost strange to me that some of the people who are very conservative who don't love taking in migrants are also people fighting a actively against an acting climate change laws because a lot of these things go hand-in-hand they go hand-in-hand and we're not doing anything.
Yeah exactly and sort of on a smaller scale. I have been thinking a lot about activism and I know you've talked about it before on the show and just well, okay. So the college I got to is rather small and Rich and white, which is not a lot of the kids there went to private. Schools and things like that, which is not my experience. But yeah, it's sort of weird. I've sort of come to think about it as like laptop sticker activism in which it sort of just they're doing it for Social Capital because being politically aware has become really trendy and things like that and how it doesn't do anything for the cause if you're screaming about how you're using metal straws and how no one else has and that kind of thing.
So, yeah, I totally agree good to use metal and glass drawers, although I'll say my wife brings glass drawers with her everywhere because she's a very thoughtful person who puts her money where her mouth is and consistently she has let me use the glass straws. In fact as at times insisted that I do and I lose them every time I will use them at the movie theater and I will not remove them from the cup and she is heartbroken every time and I get so sad, it's so sad.
Yeah, I you know, I have I have my own like metal in utensils and things like that. But it's it's it's like it's good to do this. They also have never heard of glass drugs before I've always just heard metal straps.
What into a whole new world.
Yeah.
Thank you. Thank you. Yeah, it's all like those things are bad. It's just if you're yelling at other people for not doing it. Maybe they can't afford to buy those straws or cans go on a vegan diet and things like that. So it just makes the environmental movement pretty privileged and Gated and stuff but with you I'm with you. I think it's I think it's I think you're right.
And I think it's so I think it is rather simple and easy to just go. I'm going to go out here and put my opinion out into the world and because of that I've done my part I think a lot about you know, I think where people starting around my generation. I've been dropping the ball as you know, you see actual footage of generations older than mind people took to the streets like Martin Luther King wasn't on Twitter tweeting about his opinions. He was in Washington DC and there were a hundred thousand people there with him.
That's I may have just terribly misquoted that number but you know what? I mean? We've seen the footage seen people marching. You see people marching over bridges for civil rights. You see people, you know Stonewall there was riots in the streets for gay rights, and I'm not encouraging violence and I'm not wishing that but I do think there's something to be said for activism needs to be active right? It's in the name. And yeah, I think that That I actually feel like if I was someone in power who didn't want my power to be disrupted, I would be thanking God that there's so many platforms right now that let people think they've done more than they have. I mean that and I'm not a hater social media social media has done a lot for activism. I've gotten I have gotten people have pointed out my ignorance on this as well black lives matter at the me to movement a lot of activism that fomented because of social media because Two positive connector, but I don't know you ever seen you ever seen you you you would like do you ever why I just re-watched it this documentary called Harlan County USA this thing I have not.
I think I've heard the name but really it gets my blood going.
It's about a minor strike in the 70s where all these coal miners and Harlan County, West, Virginia. They had tough lives and the company and in the corporate side of things was exploiting them and they were all dying a black lung and they weren't getting any raises even as profits went up and they didn't they barely got any vacation days and that their job was to descend into the bowels of the earth and deal with coal hard life and they took to the streets and when scabs tried to show up they blocked their cars and people showed up and pointed guns at them. So then they showed up and they pointed guns is back and I again the last thing I'm trying to encourage his gun violence, but At a certain point. Yeah, I am with you that just saying I use a metal straw and you don't and getting mad at each other about that is not not gonna save the Earth from melting.
It's going to save the Earth from LT. Yeah, all the people who care about it figuring out a way to get out and and and be visible and forced people to make it stop. Yeah, anyway, so I mean, what do I maybe am naively?
Yeah, me too. I was going to say at the top of the call. I am so young. So I hope that I don't come off as I'm young and I know everything and everyone else is dumb. I don't mean that at all.
Yeah, I'm gonna go ahead and tell you this but I've expressed some version of this on the show. I think the fact that you have been made self-conscious enough about being young to have to say Have to offer that caveat is shame and I think it's very popular for people my age to be like, oh these entitled Millennials know Millennials have a point Social Security is not going to last until they're old enough.
We got this gig economy that they're being forced into progressively more where it where there are sure there are many more jobs, but people are working three or four of them. You're seeing all of it work with climate change. We're killing the world and not Stopping it, even though scientists are telling us we have to you guys are going to be like the one hole in the book this idea that Millennials complain too much bullshit. They have a lot to complain about and whenever I hear people say, oh Millennials, I'm like, first of all you sound you see you sound ignorant like you do people shaking their fingers about Millennials second of all.
When have young people been wrong in the history of America when have social movements driven by young people proven incorrect? I can't really think of one. I can't really think of something where young people mobilized and and disrupted the status quo and it proved to be wrong in the long run. I can't think of one.
So we need to listen to the Millennials and I don't like that you have been made to feel like oh, I'm I'm I'm And so I better I better apologize for having opinions. I don't like that. Also, you're 18. Are you even a millennial? What's the one after Millennial are you of that?
You know, I I believe it's Generation Z but this is one of those things that I just will never fully comprehend in my lifetime. There's a few things that I just know that I like computer science. I don't know. I just don't know how it works animation. I will never understand how it works and the whole like figuring out the Ian's thing. I believe it Generation Z and then it's like a Zoomers like Boomers Zoomers called the Zoomers.
Oh, I like that. I'm an ex any meal. I'm in a very strange set of years where I'm straddling Generation X where my younger years. I had the Generation X experience and my older years. I had the millennial experience. I was the beginning wave of the Millennials final gasp of Gen X. That's me. So I grew up playing Oregon Trail on an Apple 2E. You probably don't know what any of that means.
I dunno organ Trail on my first phone. It was the only three game. So I played the first round of it on my fresh my extent.
Yes. I went on BBS systems. Do you know have you ever heard of BBS systems before the internet? I grew up the internet didn't exist. How's that make you feel?
I'm I'm ashamed to say that I don't know you shouldn't pass system is EVS systems where the precursor to the internet where you'd use a phone connect it to your computer to dial into someone else's computer and they leave a bulletin board up so a bulletin board system and that's how you connected with other people and I move very slow.
Anyway, I'm with you I'm with you climate change is scary. You're 18 right now. Australia's on fire. Nobody's doing anything about it yet. You should be scared don't apologize for having that opinion.
Well, thank you. Thank you for thank you for being nice.
Another thing that I wanted to talk about that I kind of forgot to mention earlier was that I've sort of been piecing together. The my parents had an arranged Green Card marriage and no one told me.
And we're going to pause because that is what they call In The Biz a cliffhanger check out the ads will be right back.
with joy bird your personal one-of-a-kind style should match your furniture bring your mood boards to life with hundreds of customizable pieces and over 50 Fabric and leather options Three Shades of wood and over 250 unique Silhouettes from Joy bird fabric Swatch kits allow you to see and touch all of their Fabrics to find the perfect choice tell you what I am moving to a house instead of an apartment going out got A joy bird couch and I'll tell you why it's not because they're an advertiser's because they're a good company.
My wife loves their stuff said we got to have this as the centerpiece of our living room Joy bird.
It's no joke each piece is made with Ultimate Care and precision using real wood and responsibly sourced materials that all those harmful chemicals create furniture that matches your own Fearless style at Joy bird. Com, / beautiful 25, see how Joy bird can help make your dream space for real. Leti today at Joy bird. Com beautiful 25 go to Joy bird. Com / beautiful 25 receive an exclusive offer for 25% off your first order by using the code beautiful 25.
Thanks to all of the advertiser to help bring the show to the world.
Now. Let's get back to the phone call.
Another thing that I want to talk about that I kind of forgot to mention earlier was that I've sort of been piecing together. The my parents had an arranged Green Card marriage and no one told me how do you okay?
I don't mean to laugh, but I will can I also say this? You're an eighteen-year-old. Yeah, you are you have a sense of timing and a way to put your story out there with these little teases in a way that's beyond your years very well done on that. How does one piece together that your parents marriage was an arranged Green Card marriage?
Well, okay, so I'll tell you the story and I had told this story to some of my new friends at college and they were saying like this kind of sounds like a green card marriage and I was like, you know what you win points. I think you're right. So basically my dad he lives in the United States and then he knew my mom older brother and they were co-workers and then my uncle was like, oh you're Going to get married. My sister's trying to get married. So then my dad flew to Cambodia my mom and they got married the next day and then they flew back to the United States and then started a family and whatever they are the day after they make.
Yes. Yeah, and I believe that that was like planned out ahead of time. And then on this break talking to some of my cousin's they were talking like they're kind of older than I am. So in there their twenties and they're saying how their dad was trying to set them up with people and basically someone had just said like oh, yeah parents had an arranged marriage and I worked out pretty well. So and that's the first time I have gotten like confirmation that It was in fact an arranged marriage and it definitely sounds like one. I don't know why I put it together earlier. But yeah.
Wow, and how's that make you feel you know, this is kind of feels kind of weird. I it makes sense. It all makes sense in hindsight putting everything together. It does make sense. And I feel like I should feel a certain feeling of like invalidity, but I don't I'm not really sure. Yeah, that's good.
I'm glad to hear it in throw your for too much of a loop or feeling bad. Do you plan on asking either of them about it?
Definitely not not on the not on the docket anytime soon. Maybe eventually you have any siblings?
I do. I have one older brother.
Have you talked to your older brother about this?
I think he might I haven't but I feel like he might just be like, yeah, obviously, how did you not put it together sooner.
Wow, it's so not on the docket at all. You just think it would be too much of an uncomfortable conversation.
Yeah, I you know, this may be opening another kind of form so that we don't need to get too, but I don't really talk to that often even though I am here in this house with them now, I don't really yeah, you don't really interact with your folks.
Not not too often now.
Yeah. Well, you know, you said you don't want to get into it too deep and it's a can of worms so I won't I'm not gonna put any pressure on that. Do you can I ask you get this and eventually the our still young do you throw you can say? Well, you know Green Card marriage is you know, I think maybe the pop of the the perception of them is that sometimes they don't last but it sounds like your parents are still together.
Do you think they have Do you think they are happy together?
No, I don't I was going to think about it a little bit but I did you know, I'm not really sure I think you've mentioned it a bit before also that your dad was sort of working a lot and that's the case with my mom and that she works like 14-hour days or something. And so I don't I just think they don't really interact that often either. So there's not really I don't know. I think the reason why I think it is for the purposes of like a green card marriage is that they've been like advocating so I don't really know the specific terminology but like have been advocating for bringing over some of my relatives from Cambodia since they have gotten married and continue to do so, so I think they're content maybe not Overjoyed to be together. I don't really know but yeah, I would like go to my friends houses and there.
- would be talking about like TV shows that they watch together and stuff like that and it was just kind of a little weird because I that was my experience.
Yeah, and it sounds like when you were saying before, you know, I'm sure there were listeners who are concerned that you were being dragged into what sounds like some sort of illegal pill exporting scheme, but it does sound like it does sound like your mom has a real dedication, but it's coming together right wants to bring relatives over is Ending a lot of Necessities back sounds like your mom has a little bit of a mission in life. That's maybe about trying to take care of some people back in Cambodia.
Yeah. Yeah. I my mom is definitely like very good selfless person and has dedicated a lot of her life to yeah, like what you just said, but that does mean less of her life was dedicated to our immediate family, which has been kind of interesting to think about and how it's affected me and things like that. But yeah, Yeah, I hear you.
I had a little bit of a falling out with my parents when I was 18. I don't think I've ever spoken about this publicly. But I had a little bit of falling out right at the same age. Hmm.
Yeah, it's a tie. I know that it's sort of as the age to do so but I don't know if it's an age thing or like a circumstantial. Yeah.
Well, I mean it does it does sound like you've got a lot to sort out. It sounds like there's a there's an environment you've been raised in that. Maybe you're just kind of coming into the realizations. Now of why things have kind of had the tone that they've had and that's a lot to sort out. So I get how you maybe need to keep some distance to kind of find some firm footing to deal with that.
Yeah. It's a bit. It's a bit of an interesting position to be an especially cuz just going to college. I've been like exposed to the label of mixed race, which I always knew I was Never I don't know. I never really fully identified with being a person of color just because I'm I mean if if you were to see me, I've been told that I'm rather racially ambiguous.
So a lot of people like some people think I'm Hawaiian because I used was in Hawaii. But when I get a Cambodian people think I'm like half French half Indian or like yeah, I get the weirdest weirdest guesses. But yeah that's been interesting to think about as well.
So and then you wind up at a college that you say is very wealthy in a white. So do you feel more like a person of color then you used to yes.
Yeah, just because the high school that I went to I mean it wasn't like flying colors for diversity but in comparison to the college, I currently attend it's it was better and I think here my friend like if I would ask my friends like to think I'm White Pass. They would probably say yeah, but then at its back in school like at College, I mean, I am definitely not so it's sort of interesting thing about like a my white passing depending on who I'm with or what I'm wearing or what I'm doing and how like that affects people's perception of me as a person.
It's it's not easy being a teen people think it is people look back with rose-colored glasses and they go it's so easy to be young.
It's not it's not and you know what, we don't have shared experiences in the specifics, but I remember when I left my house for the first time in left my hometown for the first time and I went to college in the same state. I went to a state school. It wasn't very small and insular but you start to realize oh there's a X2 how I grew up that weren't standard and I didn't know that because I was in them and I just like for me I I started to realize oh there was an immense level of bullying in the school system. I went with and like violence and you know not I shouldn't say an immense amount of violence, but but enough and it got swept under the rug and it was and you had to watch your own back and it conditioned us to be Really have our guards up into kind of feel regret. Like I found that I was this like tiny little late bloomer kid my freshman year, but I was like weirdly aggressive and he start to realize oh that's because of that and then I'm falling into depression. My parents sold my childhood home and they didn't really understand that. I was already falling into some depression stuff realizing that maybe there's some stuff I viewed as unfair. I was very angry.
I saw my house. I didn't talk to him for a few months and it was hard but then eventually I my back sounds like a similar thing. You're like I was raised in an environment where I didn't have to live a full experience in terms of feeling like a person of color now. I'm in this lily-white environment where I am, that's that's a that's to all of a sudden get hit that when you're 18, that's tough to all of a sudden realize. Oh now that I'm getting some distance from my house. People are asking me. Wait. Is this an arranged marriage you're describing a green card marriage?
That's a lot to sort out. It's not easy being 18. It's not Yeah, sometimes I think I feel like it.
I don't know. I feel like it is and sometimes I'm like, well this seems hard but it's probably not that bad. But what if it is actually hard and I'm sort of not giving myself credit, but I don't know if that's even important to think about but yeah, well it is.
It's hard to enter the world on your own terms for the first time and realize that.
The world has the world to find you as much as you get to Define your world if that makes sense. Like these are Revelations that are hitting you where you going. Oh shit. This has always been true and I'm just coming to fully realize that now its head spinning at the same time being 18, man. I wish I could go back and realize that I should have been less in love with my own angst.
I wish I could go back and realize man. I was also living on my own for the first time eating in a diner. In ha I don't have to worry about that. I was meeting new people. I was able to be young and make mistakes and I should have been I always think back I should have been out there dating more not being so like sad and scared. I should have been enjoying it more than I was. So I hope you have that too. But those things can coexist the joy of being young can coexist with the difficulty.
Of coming to terms with who you are in the world not under the umbrella of any other not on your parents not under a school. That's protecting. You just you are in the world now and you got figure out who you are in that world as jarring as jarring and it's fair to feel it.
Yeah, I think that sings it's pretty much my only responsibility right? I mean, you know other than actual academics and school, but other than that that's pretty much what I have to focus on so I would say that's a pretty good. To-do list in comparison to some others.
Just live the life of an 18 year old while also coming to terms with who you are. It's a pretty good to-do list and actually to yeah, what's the most fun about being a teen right now? What's the best part of it?
Well, the first thing that came to mind, I don't know if necessarily the most fun thing, but the first thing that came to mind when you asked was that I will be able to vote in the next presidential election, which will be sort of interesting.
I think the most of them have been 18. I don't really know the school that we go to is frankly in the ass crack of nowhere. Pardon. Pardon me Sally, but so there's not really it's the first-ever.
Pardon me Sally or is that's the sorry Sally has been a catchphrase for years the you're the first person to update it to a more polite and genteel. Pardon me Sally. I'll have to let her know - new t-shirt so great. Okay, we're saying I interrupted so it's in the ass.
Ice crack of No No Yeah, so there's no like stereotypical sort of what you would think college kids yet up to as far as like clubs or like big like I live in the suburbs of a big city and have a lot of friends who go to a school in a big city. So I kind of like get to see and hear what they're doing and not do that, which is is totally fine. I love the school that I go to so Short I don't really know what is fun at 18.
So scariest part climate change the death of the earth best part.
I don't even know that's a tough set of circumstances right can't name. You can't even name a thick best part literally can't think of a thing worst part. We're killing the world.
That's a broad range not to say that I you know, I live a great life. I have wonderful friends. Probably probably the Best part of my life not necessarily being a teen but my life generally speaking is that I have like great friends back home and also at school. So that's good. There's there's my final answer final answer like Who Wants To Be A Millionaire?
Is that a show you are aware of it is a show that I am. In fact, whereas now I don't want to keep harping on how young you are because who cares it's reductive that being said when you listen to this show do Do I strike you as an old man?
Not particularly. No nice. I think I think when I had mentioned earlier apologizing for being so young. I think that may have come from and this may sound mean and I'm sorry, but some of the other episodes that include younger callers, I maybe have just found it to found myself in it too much. Much in like had to turn that to turn it off because I don't know why but so you're on guard.
Yeah, you're on guard you feel like the youth have represented themselves in a way that at points. You have had to step away from or cringed at and you want to make sure that you represent yourself and your generation in a more straightforward and thoughtful way.
I hope so. Yeah, you're killing it you're doing great. Thank you. Thank you. Here's another little one liner but I have I have clinically dry eyes due to lack of oil glands and my eyelids.
What are you talking about?
Um, so, you know like the feeling if you've been looking at a computer screen for too long, and then you look away and close your eyes and it kind of like hurts a little bit. That's what my eyes feel like all the time.
So you just constantly have to put eye drops in.
Um, you know, that was the plan and then for some reason we kind of just stopped going to the eye doctor. I mean, I don't really know. Hopefully I'm not set up for vision loss in the future. But yeah, I had like multiple prescription eye drops and had to put like like, I don't know it's like the consistency of Vaseline, but I had to put it in my eyes before I went to sleep so we can just turn me when I blink. I don't shut my eyes all the way or something.
Sitting on your just sitting here slugging it out in the world figuring out who you are reconciling your parents relationship embracing your identity in a way. You never have had to be for sorting out spurred Spit with gloves on and you gotta rub Vaseline in your eyes. This is not easy why I used to you bet you abandoned the Vaseline eyes. I can see why although I hope you're not doing permanent damage like you said so you can never wear contacts.
Um, you know, I can't but I also have good Vision. So it's not something I need to worry about. Anyway, dry eyes but 2010. I didn't didn't the flex on you. They're sorry.
I would trade it in a heartbeat if I could have 20/20 vision, but it meant I had to rub Vaseline in my eyes every night.
I would make that trait I would like yeah, it's you know, it's a great feeling waking up opening my eyes and being able to see everything Crystal Clear great feeling damn harsh.
Not me. I clamor around on the dresser like a fool. King for my spectacles, I'm thinking about getting Lasik though. Although I think my glasses people have said that's like my whole brand but I also am like who gives a shit about brand I'm giving up. I don't need a career anymore.
I don't you know, the world is gonna explode soon. Anyways, who cares about Brands now, what do we have to do?
This is something that's clearly depressing you what would need to happen in terms of climate change for you to say thank God. We're finally taking some action where I feel like I'm not going to die before. I'm in retirement age. The all jokes aside you see Said that before you work, I'm not even going to be around for retirement money.
You think that the world is going to end in the next 40 years and you're going to be the one who has to sit there and see it and that sounds like an apocalypse what needs to happen for you to go. Oh, thank God. We're writing the ship on this one.
I think that's a question.
All of us are asking ourselves all the time progressively more and more.
Maybe our calling is the one who has the answer that's going to fix everything. You're gonna have to listen the ads and then come back to find out.
I go on the road a lot for work. It's a fact my life. I love it. I feel lucky I get to do it. But sometimes you're out on the road you run into situations where you feel yourself coming down with something out of nowhere you feel overwhelmed. You're out of your element. You're in a place. You don't know well guess what tell the doc gives you 24/7 access to board certified doctors anytime anywhere for non emergency conditions, like a sinus infection allergies flu rashes and more their board certified doctors can diagnose treat and prescribe medication when The necessary to be delivered to the pharmacy of your choice tell the doc is available through most insurance or employers at $45 or less a visit no appointment. No waiting rooms. No, germy urgent cares. No expensive trips to the ER one of tell the docs testimonial States.
I'm an RN and I have little time for personal issues. Let alone being sick while caring for the ill this service called me after setting up an account and requesting an MD visit in minutes. This service is actually amazing. I only wish I would have utilized it sooner. Tell Doc is here to get you back to feeling your best no matter when or where you are download the app today or visit tella doc. Com stories to register right now. So you're ready when you need a doctor's care or schedule a doctor's visit today.
Don't forget to download that app or visit. Tella doc TLA DLC. Com / stories.
Thanks again to all our advertisers now.
We're going to finish off the phone call.
What needs to happen for you to go?
Oh, thank God. We're writing the ship on this one.
I have no idea which is also super awesome part of that is that there's just so much. Well, okay, we're going to I'm going to go off on a little tangent here and I feel like maybe I shouldn't need to explain it, but I didn't really understand it before I went to school in sort of put it together, but it's the whole system the whole system is sort of broken like I didn't realize that the reason why people were saying like there's no ethical consumption of Capitalism is because of the system of capitalism and how it is just sort of reaching for exponential growth and we do not have an exponential Planet until eventually there will be blessed planet to capitalize off of and that's what's causing these fires and natural disasters and things like that which are killing people effectively. So it's just sort of the whole system. It's is broken and there's not really anything that can be done about it necessarily because I think some people people think that it's it can be the same system if we have electric cars or it can be the same exact system with bamboo toothbrushes and it's just sort of a replacement but it's that it just doesn't work that way.
So yeah, I don't know well oil and petroleum relate to both of those and people make a lot of money.
I find myself thinking about that very often. I find myself saying very often of like when when can we let Money stop being the ultimate priority in terms of like what you said like right there electric cars. We have the technology right now. Undoubtedly, if we all had those it would be a safer world in the next few decades.
Undoubtedly if the government would subsidize or give big tax breaks to people getting electric cars and maybe they do already but if they made it easier and and prioritized it would happen, but I don't know we're allies with some countries that got a lot of oil and a lot of people Are making money off of that. So that's going to be tough to change.
It makes me very sad.
Yeah, I think I mean is the priority right thinking about it as like yeah. I'm like, I agree I'm and thinking about it in the sense that money will always be the priority.
So I'm I don't know. I feel like I go back and forth between very optimistic and very pessimistic. But yeah only time will tell I suppose. Yeah.
Yeah, this kind of like here's another one that really bothers me. It's documented that there are concentration camps in China right now. There are there are people in China and there's really gruesome stories that people's organs are being removed while they're alive.
It's horrifying.
It's actual horrifying stuff that we as a society have sworn up and down for 70 years. We'd never let happen again and we're letting it happen again. Why because really it seems to me like the only way to justify it is because China is such a big part of the world economy and nobody wants to Mess with that balance, but that's evil and it has not even been a century since the last time that happened and we my whole life you've heard the phrase never again never again. Well, it's again and it's happening and we're working on trade deals instead of saying hey, we have to free those people that you have in these camps we have to whatever these camps are about. You can say whatever it is this needs to end not doing it too much money on the line.
It's really sad really scary.
I think it's not to make this entire call extremely sad, but I think listen to the show before there's just so many bad things going on that there. It's just what can we focus on and there's nothing that will draw the attention of I guess if there's nothing that will draw the attention of everyone so that something gets done about one particular issue, but there's just so much that the attention is sort of spread across Hello.
Yeah, what's that?
Is someone there now and you can't spare my dream of it?
No Grandma's my grandma's asking me if I want egg rolls.
Do you of course I do.
What kind of question is that Chris?
That's what I'm saying. You're talking about how you're like feeling this sense of hopelessness right now, but I bet egg rolls will make it feel a little better.
I wrote some pretty good not gonna lie.
I wish I had some angles are these homemade I gross they are homemade egg rolls, and I mean, I know that A lot of grandmas out there making egg rolls left and right.
I do believe that my grandma makes the best egg roll.
I want to try your grandma's egg rolls. That sounded weird.
Well, no, it's like it's all right. I got with you been literally want to try her. I know I have family knowing you and I have family who live on the east coast who have been asking us to send Eggroll to them and I've looked it into how to mail frozen goods and it is very expensive and very complicated but I will try my best to get it done gotta get it done.
People want to leave the family tradition. Oh, I was scared. I was scared you were going to say my grandma came into the room and said, why are you on the phone? This long? This bird spit is not going to remove feathers from itself.
She probably that was probably the next sentence that she's going to say.
Ain't that the dichotomy of Life sitting here and talking about how there's so many problems with the world that you feel jammed up and hopeless about where do you even begin to fix them? But then you get an egg roll and maybe it's a reminder that the small simple happy family moments still go a long way.
Yeah, yeah, I think you know, it may be in part of listening to this show for the for most of my like teenage years, but I think I've become sort of more. More of a people person. I guess like I always ask people how their day is going on and that's not to like praise myself for that. But it's just I used to be very very shy and introverted and have been displaying some extroverted heading to see the recently which has been sort of weird. But yeah, I think it you know all due to you Chris my whole character development.
Well happy to be so well, I'll tell you because I have I've walked a similar path where I very much identify as an introvert, but I think because of the nature of Of my career and comp being a stand-up and this show I'm around people and I have to be more extroverted and I really try and it's nice. It's a nice change in my life. That makes me feel better and I can tell it makes other people feel good to feel like someone's reaching out.
The only problem is that when my introversion still kicks in it really can let people down sometimes sometimes people come up to me. All right, I listen to your show man. I'll go thank you so much. And then and then I just Scurry away like a little It'll ratman and then people feel like they did something wrong because I'm the guy who's supposed to talk to everybody.
Sometimes. I'm just scared of the world in my own, right?
Yeah, I think I can agree to that in which I sort of just operate with the understanding that it will be awkward and then just moving on from that and sort of not taking it as heavily as I used to every now and then it's gonna happen.
I thought you're going to say I can agree with that. You are a rat man.
I thought that's what you're gonna agree with - you know, I that was the plan but I decided to change gears the last the last I didn't want to offend or anything.
That's fair. Hey, I'm hungry.
What's in my girls self identify.
I did self-identify as rabbit.
I just remember there is pork in them. And you do not eat that. Yeah, but sighs delicious pork stomach. I it is like a secret recipe that she's never written down. So I've tried following her around while she's making it and it's just sort of like mysterious brown powder. And like one sprinkle of mysterious white powder not to insinuate that it is cocaine, but I'm sure it's just some sort of like cornstarch or something. But see now, can I ask how do you yes, have you ever wondered?
If you're eating some of that bird spit and those egg rolls definitely not it is far too expensive when I say it's expensive.
It's like up there with precious metals expensive.
And what is it used out?
What is this?
What is this precious metal and know what is it?
Use?
Not hurt. I got a Google probably look it up bird spit because she just sort of drinks it. It birds like puts it in and drink and drinks it and then it I don't know what specifically it does but it's supposed to be beneficial for your health in some way.
So I just found an article bird saliva the premium delicacy in Southeast Asia. Yeah.
Yep. I have a feeling it is just a very very strong placebo effect.
Edible birds nests are huge Market in Asia and are becoming more popular in the US.
bird's nest soup Saliva, it's a it's a renowned delicacy in Southeast.
Asia bird saliva. Who knew. Oh, yeah, there's a picture of it. It looks like weird clear.
Tapioca. Yeah.
Yeah exactly. That is what I'll be picking through at the end of this call.
I gotta try some of this stuff now I got to look up where I can get bird's nest soup in New York City. Although is that vegetarian? I don't know. I got to think long and hard about this.
Well, oh, yeah. Wait, let me my like because it's so expensive. It's so expensive to purchase at the amount that my grandma buys it that my uncle who lives in Cambodia has constructed his own bike.
I don't I mean it's not a factory. It's just it's he turned his house into like a birdhouse. So we're like the birds are spitting basically so that we don't have to buy it anymore the we can just get it from my uncle.
So your uncle is harvesting bird spit.
The last I heard yeah.
Yeah, so it's just like if you drive through the Cambodian Countryside, there's just these huge prison like looking buildings with a bunch of birds flying in and out of it. And that's where they, you know spit I guess.
There's a New York Times article about how it's a delicacy harvested from the mouths of swiftlets.
It's not even know what a swiftlet is its supposed to improve your immune system skin and sex drive well That is very strange to hear you.
Say considering that my grandma is consuming it.
Have you noticed? No, I can't I have to have you noticed an increase in your grandma sex drive.
I'm so sorry I asked how can I not no?
No, I know personally. I haven't but you know, how am I supposed to know what she gets up to when I'm with school?
Amazing answer. I just found another article that says the high cost of birds nest soup comes from the dangerous retrieval process and the painstaking cleaning may go through to become safe to eat. You're the one doing that painstaking cleaning.
I'm the painstaking cleaner.
It's one of the most expensive Delicacies in the world.
It's called the caviar of the East the main ingredient the nest of the swiftlet bird caws anywhere from $2,500 to ten thousand dollars per kilogram.
A single ball of it will cost you between 30 and 100 dollars. Yeah pretty crazy.
Right? There's like well, I don't want to like out my I mean it is anonymous but there's a bunch of it in my house right now.
People would people would burn down your house to get this stuff in Malaysia. They have to climb mountains to get into caves to get the stuff.
Oh my God. Yo taking this really seriously. No, no. Oh, no. Sorry. Okay, I'm gonna stop looking up bird saliva so we can get back on track.
All right, you got about three and a half minutes left Jeepers Creepers that yeah that makes sense.
You know, it has been questioned our I really hope that the people my age and older start paying more attention to people your age and I hope that they right the ship and that since we made it so scary for you that you protect the Earth for people my son's age. Hopefully got that's what I'm that's what I'm hoping on or counting on ya.
I hope you get the chance.
Hey, yeah, I guess I guess we'll see but it's for now. I'm staying optimistic / pessimistic when it comes to it. Not really sure but I think we'll be fine. And if we're not that is also fine.
No, no, no don't give up. You can't give up. We need your youthful energy to fix this. You can't just go if nothing if it's not no, we need you to go. We gotta get these Plastics of the ocean.
We gotta stop burning down the Amazon. We gotta actually implement.
Cycling programs that work we got to stop relying on fossil fuels we have to do it. We need you guys to go build more wind farms build more solar make it easy. We need you guys. I can't hear you the youth saying and if nothing happens, it's fine.
That's so sad.
We've broken you the old Maple of broken you look at noon.
But yeah, don't don't worry. Well, we'll get on it. We're working on it.
I need you guys to just kick shouting.
Okay, Boomer. I need you to shout. Okay Boomer to the hill. So that way the Boomers start listening and then my generation isn't off the hook.
I will I will never stop shouting at the tippy top of my lungs, don't you worry? All right, I hope so.
When do you head back to school in a couple days?
You said on Sunday? Yes. I am beyond excited to be back.
But are you going to are you going to miss sorting pills and bird spit or you happy to get back to academic studies?
Um, I think I'll miss the opportunity that I gave me to listen to create podcasts such as your own. Thank you. Yeah, probably not it was its When they say it's painstaking it is absolutely being safe.
Yeah, you gotta go. Yeah, you can't we can't be doing that your Grandma seems cool though. Yeah, she's she's all right.
She's just hanging out.
You know how grandma's or I miss my grandma's. My grandma's real cool ladies. Yep.
Well, I am have a couple of fine egg rolls to enjoy.
I'm jealous. Enjoy your egg rolls.
No idea. Yeah.
Thank you for calling.
Please save the Earth why son needs you?
I will try my best break. Don't worry.
I'll race all the embrace all the positives about capitalism in please stop the Mad Dash towards towards profit over safety and health, please I'm begging you.
And also I think that you represented yourself and your generation well, and you have nothing to worry about Thank you.
Thank you. I do have listening back will be a crazy process. But it's fine.
You nailed it.
I talk too much. You're going to listen and be like get there just talk too much.
I did fine.
Well, have a nice day. Thank you for thank you for the chat you do.
Please stop with the bird spin.
Let's just move on. Okay.
Thank you so much.
We all right.
Call their thank you so much for calling and most of all the birds the birds bit.
Really.
I have to now I gotta go try to find this weird soup. Who knew.
Thank you for calling in. Thank you. Jerry O'Connell David Flores Jordan Allen and boo, thank you. Shall check for music Chris gets. Com if you want to know about me and when I'm out on the road the show go to Apple podcasts when you rate for you. Subscribe, it really helps will see you next time.
Next time I'm beautiful Anonymous me and a Charming collar talk all about Baltimore and the owner of the Knicks crazy band and then we started talking about identity itself. It's a fun one.
I have a lot of bald about like how people who are born with the deck are raised in terms of like how to be in general the masculinity and everything with that like met but especially like how we raised to be Actually in like what we expect how we should expect ourselves to be like whether it meets vectors. I was to be hyper sexual dominance for me. That's like having a real negative impact and I've had you know recognizing that I am who I am and that isn't this picture perfect definition of like what a man is.
That's next time on beautiful anonymous.
A Baltimorean waxes nostalgic about his hometown and talks about his near fatal encounter with a freight elevator. Things take an interesting turn when the conversation turns to toxic masculinity.
Hello to all my JD and the straight shot fan beautiful Anonymous one phone call.
No names No Holds Barred.
I'd rather no one on one. I think it'll be more exciting.
For me as the host of the show you guys have been so nice. I'm seeing so much enthusiasm for the beautiful Anonymous convention happen to May 14 through 17, Brooklyn New York. So somebody tweeted their flying in from Australia for it that blows my mind. I hope this shows are good justify that chip. I think we're gonna have a blast man. I can feel the enthusiasm.
I see a lot of people say love to come but this should I listen to this show and it's kind of my secret and I'd have to come alone. I say let's get hundreds of people. Come alone in the same room together and then we are no longer alone. I would love that beautiful cotton animus. Com checking out info in the Facebook group.
Also want to give a shout out to the guy took a Jiu-Jitsu class this week with a guy who told me he was like, I'm a big fan of your podcast. I actually just listen to the Jiu-Jitsu episode. This is my sixth Jiu-Jitsu class and we wrestled each other and I'm not going to I'm it's a faux pas to say who tapped who but I'm going to say thank you for its.
I think I'm probably the only Podcast host. Maybe I don't know there's other pie guest host. Sure. Maybe one that doesn't focus on fighting who's actually fought a listener interesting stuff. Okay, this week's episode Baltimore such a cool City. That's the basic premise of this episode this one I love because it's kind of casual and we just talked about an American city. That's really fascinating think everybody kind of knows that Baltimore is a city that in a lot of ways has struggled in recent decades and that's become a thing in pop culture and we have Somebody who lives there and loves it tells us so much about it. And it's just like a nice simple Slice of Life from Baltimore.
Then at the end. We learn that this person really also has all these sites of their personal life that they've had to sort out and figure out for themselves and how they Define themselves and it just takes this turn that's really unexpected and beautiful. Enjoy it.
Thank you for calling beautiful Anonymous a beeping noise will indicate when you are on the show with the host. Hello.
Oh my God, is this Chris?
This is Chris. Hello.
Oh man. Oh man. Oh man. This is wild. How are you doing today?
How am I doing today? I'll be honest with you. My son decided it was a good idea to wake up at 5:15 a. M. It's a little a character. Oh, we've got past this and he wanted to play and I wanted his mom sleep because she has to work harder than I do because of breastfeeding. So with the way he wanted. Yeah. It was I lay on the floor and he jumps on me crawls across the room.
Jumps Army aiming either for my throat or my testicles in a way that felt to me like him trying to claim dominance and then I managed to get him to fall asleep, but I was scared to move on because I don't want to wake him up. So I slept for 90 more minutes on a hardwood floor. That's how I'm doing.
How are you I bet that felt great on the back. Yeah.
I'm doing pretty good. I just got off of work not too long ago. One of my gigs right now is packing like T for a company and I'm from Baltimore that should that's not a big detail, but and I'm just taking like when I got through I was like oh shit. I need to like leave. He's not flexible hours. They're going to leave. I need to get this cart of like packages down to the dock. And so I was like getting it off of the freight elevator. One of the wheels got stuck in the gap between the elevator and like the floor and then like the door started come down and I was where I was going to But I didn't die. So.
Yeah, overall pretty good question for you about the kid. Yeah, because my new Uncle not then like past few months. Yeah, and that child is so mobile and he doesn't crawl yet, but I feel like when he starts crawling We're screwed. So like in your experience when your son started crawling was it like DEFCON 5.
Well, it was really exciting. Nobody.
He started I mean, he's been Army scooching for a couple months now, but that's pretty slow and it's really visible. The thing with crawling is it's fast it's faster than I knew so I was super excited. He started crawling maybe ten days ago, but the wild thing is That now it's all moving really fast. Like he's only been crawling for less than two weeks and just this morning he managed to grab the little bars on his, you know, we've built one of these cages in our living room so he can't crawl around and get under the couch or chew on a wire and die and just this morning he managed to grab those bars and stand up on his own and it's like you just started crawling 10 days ago. Now you can stand this is not so no, so it's a lot to think about.
I also just want to say I'm sitting here complaining because my my beautiful son woke up at 5:15. And then you follow it up with a story where you're working in some sort of Warehouse where you're almost killed by a door trying to get T down to the docks and it reminds me that we all got our own problems, but that my problems are pretty good. So I thank you for that reminder.
Oh, well, okay.
Let me be clear. I was being extremely dramatic. I would not actually be killed by that Freight but by that by that door, hey, and most of them would have bonked me and then like gone gone as way back up. I've not no risk of death. My like it's not a bet that is not big problem that it's not like I have some problems in my life.
That's not a problem the way but you're still tongue like it's 12:45 p. M. On the east coast and you're getting off of work. And you're in your voice tin boxes down to the docks to have to tell you I've always been obsessed with the docks and longshoremen.
I thought to be badass. I'm glad you I'm so sorry. I don't mean like I meant the loading dock. I don't mean like Brando on the waterfront docks about unionizing anybody.
I thought this was like The Wire season two like you're down there in Baltimore down in one of those longshoreman situation. Okay the loading dock, okay.
It still involves, but awesome.
I'm born and raised Baltimore love it very much. But because I'm white like all white and but there is a part of me that's like, you know, like I'm from Baltimore. I've been here pretty much my whole life accepting one year and one summer and I love it. But at the same time it's not the problems of the city were not my problems go. So I feel sensitive really like claim it as my city because I'm not from a wealthy background or anything. But you know, like my parents worked hard. They really my mom and dad were really like they were very passionate about making sure me and my siblings had opportunities for ourselves and maybe they didn't have grown up. So like they worked hard they found us to private Catholic School which as you know, Sure, you know being raised Catholic, you know that present bones problems, but overall very good and so like love Baltimore, but I always feel like this like I needed this claim that because so much I believe you've been to Baltimore like I feel like you yes stuff. Yeah the auto part the auto bar in Baltimore.
Well the Autobahn so fucking much legitimately my it might be my favorite venue I've ever performed.
Then we did a live taping there once and that's where I talked to the Australian my Australian best friend. That's one of the best episodes marathon of done stand up there twice. That is probably my favorite venue to perform at in the country. It's such a great venue.
I wanted to go the last time your that I wanted to go but I couldn't because I am an actor and poet and that's an incredibly pretentious and fly high.
Rehearsal that night so I couldn't go but it's such an amazing venue like the vibe. I also like write songs and shit. So like I've I've actually played there like opening for people and it's such even though like when you're open and nobody gives a fuck about you. It's still just like it's such a great stage great energy people. They're dope.
Yeah incredible.
Also, I want to say to you said a sentence that I think might be jarring to some Listeners where you were like, I'm very white and Baltimore's problems aren't mine. But I know what you mean. I feel like just on its face value that might be a sentence that jars people but one thing I've learned about your city that that's so eye-opening and heartbreaking because you know, we've all seen the why everybody seen the wire but that's at the end of the day even though it's like the best TV show ever and known for being so realistic. It's still TV show one thing I've learned is Is you know when your comedian you rely on ways, which is that app that gives you directions that account for traffic and road closures and accidents. So it's the quickest way, but I have learned in my trips to Baltimore that it's It's tough to follow ways because it prioritizes the quickest way, but that means it routinely brings you through neighborhoods where it is. No, I am not joking when I say you'll drive four or five entire city blocks where every single window is boarded up on every business and every home and that that's not an isolated thing. There are many stretches like that and then even more jarring is sometimes you'll go through Blocks where everything is boarded up and then you're halfway down the next block and you see just one house where everything is swept up and there's a flower box in the window and you realize oh someone's living in the middle of of this day.
What's effectively a desert we don't have access to anything and it is eye-opening and heartbreaking and then you think oh, this is a major. American city in the Northeast Corridor, you know, you can look at it. There's a lot of studies that say you can really think of the whole stretch from Boston to Washington DC as effectively one massive culturally connected metropolitan area and Baltimore is a big Hub in that and it still has that. So yeah, I just want to say I know what you mean and you know, I think the minority communities in Baltimore have had Seen and dealt with a lot over a number of generations. So I just want to say I hear you and I seen it myself just in passing and it must it must be so Laird to be a citizen of your city.
Yeah, and I mean cause it's like Baltimore I say this somewhat hypocritical you as because I'm doing everything I can to like move not because I don't love Baltimore just because I need changes in my life. Yeah, I mean, I love it. And when I say I just want to be clear, I love Baltimore and it breaks my heart just the problem that like exist in the city and like what then Mike the government, you know, like two of our most recent mares, you know have like he's like ridiculous corruption scandals and and it's hard.
Because I feel like people have this person. I remember speaking about a bar. I remember one time this is back when I was in high school like 2010. I went to see one of my favorite musicians Langhorne Slim as Auto bar and opening bid to openers in the very first open that it was this dude from Ireland.
We can't remember his name, but he like made some joke where I was like, he's like oh, but I thought I can't.
When I get home, she's like when I told my parents that I was one of those flying in Baltimore, they're like, oh like like the wire and he was like, yeah and they're just like well don't get shot and like that's such a common perception. I feel like from outside not even like just outside like the safe outside this city because I went to like high school again like a private Catholic school that was in Baltimore County and people there like love like make jokes about Baltimore, you know, and keep mind is like majority privilege talking like white boys from Howard County or Baltimore County that live in like these huge ass houses that only go into the city like to go to the Ravens game or the Orioles game of the aquarium and it pisses me off because it's obviously like the numbers are the numbers and like like there is a lot of crime and like shit that goes down but people from Baltimore I think are some of the most genuine upfront honest people I've ever met in my life like We don't really bullshit.
We don't hide our feelings or you know, and like but at the same time we're also like I feel like people gasp for each other and you sort of like know each other and respect each other. So it's just that I think that's like one of my biggest like things that Hearth is it's just like there's this perception of Baltimore is like the fucking War Zone by not just people outside of Maryland, but outside of Autumn weather and the track of the matter is people are here good people of all places and all the cities have like crime problems. And I don't know it's just sorry. I went off on a real.
No, I'm glad to hear because I agree because I'll tell you I started going there and Doing shows and I passed through Baltimore before but like on class trips to the aquarium, which is a great aquarium by the way, and they got this shark spiral where you walk down in a spiral and you see bigger and bigger sharks.
It's amazing amazing. Oh, yeah, and on the roof, they got a sloth in a in a look at Greenhouse. It's cool a great aquarium, but and I are like best friends love that love. But I was going to say when I started going there and doing shows it is such an art support of City it quietly. I feel like you know Brooklyn had all this artistic buzz and then a lot of the artists started really bubbling up in Philly.
And when I got to Baltimore, I was like, oh this is still very under the radar but there's a lot of good music on a good comedy. There's great restaurants. I have a friend named Bambi Galore there and I know there's a big drag scene via MB is how I know that and I've just also seen that side of it where there's a lot of stuff kind of there's a lot of energy and electricity crackling under the surface.
I've stayed at a place in Baltimore called feed the scene where they have a whole house full of bunk beds for bands and touring artist to just come crash. It's a very cool place and I'll tell you this. Here's High Praise.
Being someone who's lived in New York for 15 years. We all know New Yorkers are incredibly arrogant. We like to say that we live in the greatest sign I think and as an East coaster, we all know that you're sitting you've definitely said the sentence fuck New York in your life living in another Northeastern City. That's fine.
Sorry Sally, but I will tell you I often when I travel consider like what are the other places? I would live you go to Austin. I'm like yeah Denver like yeah, I would move to Baltimore in a heartbeat because of the Met there and the way that I see the Arts having this underground energy about them ashore after yeah, and you'd fit right in in Baltimore.
I feel like Santa weirdos.
They like said weirdos down there.
Oh God, I feel like well all that we are goes down here because like like it's like half the time the weather is like we get like two weeks out of a year combined of like Suitable weather where we don't have something to bitch about because like in the summer, it's not just like it's too fucking hot and it's like way too humid.
Then I guess that's probably because swamp stuff when the city was first found is probably like near swamps or whatever, but it's so humid. Like you think it's awful and then in the winter, it's cold and like there's a went and it's just we're like the weather's never like maybe we're just picky but the weather is never Like wait, and then you know, we got the Orioles who you know, like at least four people My Generation, they always sucked and then we had three good years and we were happy and now we're just talkin trash again.
And I think my I think the generation before me still is traumatized by the Colts leaving and like everyone everyone else in the country. It's just looks at Baltimore and they're just oh, yeah, that's like one of having listened to your work roll egg and cheese comedy special Taylor ham egg and cheese.
Thank you. I see what you tried to do that. Yeah baltimorean. That's the Philly. That's the Philly influence rubbing off hated. I've new album. It's all New Jersey jokes called Terra and making cheese. Listen on Spotify today.
It's fantastic. It's fantastic.
Thank you. You got it.
I really appreciate speaking of Philly. I really appreciated the Baltimore shout out when you're like talking shit on Philly. It's true people forget between Philly and DC is that we exist and I'm actually never said that that I don't think I've ever said Sons fuck New York. Sorry Sally, but I say it all the time about BC. I hate these days. I cannot and that I live there for a year one of like the one and a half years of my life where I want to encourage you as my life where I wasn't like living in Baltimore was in DC and granted disclaimer is my freshman year of college extremely depressed and not ready for be like on my own 18 years old and I barely left my campus but still even going but like I was that bear like a couple weeks ago for basketball game.
I was in the city and I was just like there's no personality is personality is a robot. That's all it is. It's just like transplants from other places in the country and probably like I don't know if there's a lot of DC people not Facebook group. They're going to be on me right now. But like there's something about these see that just kind of feels like it feels like a party where like there's one person like I imagine.
It's like a city version. Of a party thrown by like a less fabulous Jay Gatsby where it's like there's this dude that knows a lot of people and everyone comes to the his house. They don't really know each other and they're just kind of like, okay. So like we're all here you seem cool enough. We're going to hang out. We're gonna grab some food and we're going to do these things and look at Art and we'll look at these cool building.
But we're not really going to create like our own party Vibe. We're just sort of going to keep doing our thing.
You know. Well, I'll say do you want DC has been very nice to me over the years people show up for my shows there and I do like it but I will say I think it reminds me of Los Angeles in a certain way and that it's dominated by a certain industry Ela It's Entertainment and DC it's politics and I feel like if you are not in tune with those things in both cities.
It's like if you're not in tune with it, it's kind of indecipherable. And if you are it's filled with a lot of pressure and I know what you mean and can I say one more thing about Baltimore cause I don't know if you want to talk about that whole time. So I want to check on you but I will say historically it's one of the most interesting place in America because Maryland itself was founded as a Haven for Catholics when Catholics were persecuted group that's fascinating.
It's always had this feeling of like is it part of the South there is a part of the North and then in the Civil War. I feel like it was a hub for the slave trade, but it was also a place where there were major moral stands against Slave trade. It's a really fascinating City that deserves more credit and I'm glad that you've talked about it so much today.
Do you want to check in? Is that all you wanted to talk about because you'll be shocked because I feel like this conversation has been fascinating. We're 22 minutes into this bad boy.
Honestly, it's only 22 minutes. I felt like you were way further, but I maybe it's just because I feel like I've been talking nonstop like a fucking crazy person great very engaging and listenable and don't be self-conscious because I promise you there's a lot of people I feel like in the state's let alone the internationalist Ernest we're going.
Oh, that's City sounds like it's got way more to it than I knew and it's true great town great town that deserves a lot of love and support.
Yeah, and we were like we don't need to talk about tourism. Campaign but like there's just like a lot of weird small shit that happened or yeah like that like historically happened in Baltimore like Edgar Allan Poe. I will people's Hobbies associate him with it and houses here. That's Graves here. Like that's a smaller thing. But then you know, Zelda Fitzgerald was in Maryland's Premier mental institution Sheppard Pratt like a further year like that. You say it like that near Premiere mental institution.
I'm here.
Three out of pause there because I got to give credit where it's due. This is clearly a poet a true Wordsmith the premier mental institution. Not the most notorious not supposed to miss the premiere. They have broken up the momentum. Let's do some ads will be right back.
We all know making small changes can be really positive can have a healthy effect on your lifestyle the right towel turns a bathroom into a spa you can make all these upgrades with Brooklyn and you know Brooklyn and as the internet's favorite sheets, but they're also home to betting loungewear towels and more with over 50,000 plus five star reviews and Counting now, they have everything for Life Essentials shower curtains bath mats, robes totes final details.
That helped you make a big upgrade just this very morning. I stepped out of the shower and I stepped onto a Brooklyn and bath mat and it felt good under my feet to the degree that I noticed. I hadn't realized it was the Brooklyn and one that was out. And before I even look down I said, that's Brooklyn and right there then I grabbed myself a good Old Brooklyn and towel and I dried myself off and I felt great about it is it's thick its fluffy. It works.
I love it love my Brooklyn and stuff high quality stuff.
You can hear my voice. This is real. Oh Brooklyn. Com. It's the perfect place to start making small changes that make big differences Brooklyn. And so confident in their product that all their sheets comforters loungewear and towels come with a lifetime warranty. So go on make yourself comfortable get 10% off your first order and free shipping when you use the promo code stories only at Brooklyn and. Com. That's be Roo kli any n. Com promo code stories and how New Yorkers if you're listening you can get the internet's favorite sheets in real life. Visit Brooklyn's first store in Brooklyn at 127 Ken Evan Williamsburg, Brooklyn and Thing you need to live your most comfortable life.
There's no one-size-fits-all way to meet your goals. You'll want to sustainable way to make a lasting change. Try talk space. I think talk space is totally on target with that phrase. There's not a one-size-fits-all way to meet your goals mental health very very important to take care of it. It's becoming less stigmatized over the years. I am so excited about that. I have talked very publicly and I'm extraordinarily proud of that and to see that there are modern Services offering a wait a minute help with your To Health in a modern way what a beautiful thing talk space is the most convenient and affordable way to get the support of a licensed therapist match was one of over 5,000 therapist based on your preferences from the privacy of your device then start messaging with your therapist the very same day via text audio picture or video.
It's like a personal trainer for your life and you never need to go to an office or schedule appointments and you'll have the dedicated support system. You need to achieve your goals one step at a time. I'm start 2020 off strong with talk space. It's the support you need to help achieve your goals at a price you can afford and you can get $100 off your first month when you use code beautiful to sign up.
Don't wait for another year to go by no matter what 2019 was like set yourself up for success in 2020 match with your perfect therapist today at talk space. Com or download the mobile app, and don't forget to use code beautiful for $100 off your first month that stock space. Com promo code beautiful.
Thanks to everybody who advertises I'm showing helps it exist. Now. Let's get back to the phone call.
I like that you say it like that Premier mental institution mere like if you listen if you're looking at like mental tutions across the place and you try to figure out which one is the one you want to go to Sheppard Pratt is your Premier mental institution for your go to in patient needs.
Nice. I'll remember that next time. I have a complete nervous breakdown which happens roughly every five to seven years for me.
No, no, we got to break the streak.
Yeah, I have I've been doing good. Actually. It's been a long time. It's been a coming up on eight years since I've had a total collapse in my life. That's good. That's the longest stretch for me.
I mean, you know it is I will say it's reassuring for me to hear that. You can go like stretches where like you don't have one then it happens and you can still be successful human being marginally marginally says, let's be honest, but thank you.
I feel like from my perspective my idea of like what I want in life is to wake up every day and go to do something that I want to do and be able to support myself and plan of having any sort of family support my family with what I love to do luck and lucky I kid and I know how lucky I am. Yeah, and they don't get me wrong. I'm not blowing smoke up your ass.
He's got a really good. I have a great I'm just filled with a lifelong existential dread and you know as well, you are an actor and a poet when you are an artist.
I feel like you always have this feeling that you will eventually accomplish something that will quell your demons. And that's just not true. It's just not true. The older I get the more I realize no accomplishment is going to make me a more. Same and less troubled person. That's not how life works. That's the danger of careerism.
But I have to do a lot of soul searching to find that piece and that's not always an easy process.
Yeah. No, totally like I just started doing poetry like I guess like two years ago because I wrote songs for a long time and I hadn't been the phone with over a year and then last night I did so that it's weird. But anyways, I wrote songs for a long time. Then I had to get to full time credits for like a like my scholarship at the college I was at and so I took an undergrad like I took a introductory like creative writing poetry class.
And then like it just sort of Spun from there and like like last and so like I fell in love with it like super hard super quick and I was just so and like I got an understanding of the world and like how it works and like flying to places and not hearing back for six months and sometimes in those six months the poems you submitted you realize our utter shit, but I was really surprised. I got really lucky about like a poem in like a pretty legitimate lit mag, and I was really surprised by how quickly That Rush that dopamine Rush of knowing that I got accepted just qaeda's it lasted maybe like one day and then the next day I was like, okay. Well, I'll see that in October I guess and then you're chasing that adrenaline again, you're praying that it goes as well so you can feel that kick again.
It's a thing. It's a beautiful thing. It's a beautiful thing but it's it's an addictive thing. That's also at times very confusing. Yeah.
Well, I'm just like what in a way obviously, I mean everything in my forces you to grow and learn and I feel like with this I've sort of had to learn like how to like it really forced me to appreciate what I do and value what I do for myself outside of the it because even like so it is Poetry and acting like you're sort of like depending on external validation in order for your work to be seen what really matters is myself validating it even after that external validation. So like once the poem came out in October and like I got the copy of the magazine like a red and I was like, yeah, that is a good problem. I'm proud of that. So it's Force. It's really forced me to be like even though I'm dependent on external validation for my career.
So like not make that as the number one priority like Arbiter of whether or not anything I do is worth a damn and if you are worth that's the thing.
You can bet you can ponder if what you do is worth a damn, but that doesn't equate to whether or not you are worth a damn and that's a mistake. I've fallen into over and over again in my 39 years of life and cheers to that.
I feel bad deed indeed. Yeah, but Oh real quick. I just have a friend that listen to this podcast and I know that look.
And I would just like to share a quick story with you. How last August she texted me and she said hey, I've got a ticket to get those show and Asbury Park next Friday this Friday. She said this Friday. It's important detail. And she was like do you want to come and it was Thursday, but I was like well like I could yeah and so was like, yeah, let's do it. Let's be let's be spontaneous and I called out at work. I switched shifts around next day at drove like the three hours on the Jersey Turnpike drove up to Ashbury Park and park and I texted I was like, hey, just so you know, I'm gonna have the quick way to be and I'll meet you. The brewery and she text me back and she was like You're kidding right?
Fuck. I just said my name.
That's okay. We'll mark the time code and we will block we will bleep it.
That's okay. Who cares? No, God, I'm a failure, but And she was like you're kidding and I was like no very serious and she's like the show's next Friday.
It's like you said this Friday and she's like no I did not I was like I said her screenshot of the tax and she's like, oh I did we joked about incentives and we said that if either of us ever got on we would have to share that story.
Now did you come back the next Friday for the show?
I've called it. I couldn't.
And was that okay beeping of Taylor ham egg and cheese with that was that it because it was like end of August referring.
Yeah. I mean I did I forget what the timing was but I did a stop on my tour at Asbury Park, but I think I did two sets of shows at the brewery. I think that was the taping of Taylor ham egg and cheese my entire joke of New Jersey albums, which you can listen to on Spotify right now. It's very good. Thank you so much.
I'm so sorry. So what you just wandered around Asbury Park by yourself, which is that's not a bad day. If you got to have that day, at least you're in a town that's become like this revitalized cool place that still hasn't abandoned gritty edges.
Yeah. No, I was I was considering it wandering around because also like I was pretty much like I was born and raised on like Bruce so I was like, okay that's pretty park. That's pretty big. Place, but I ended up not just because I was like, where am I staying tonight? Am I driving all the way back to Baltimore? I was like, I don't know if I can do that. I don't know if I have that mental fortitude right now is one of the things I was like I drove this far I need to do something with this with my geographic location.
What is that?
Like a three-hour trip? It was like free.
I think they're I think if I remember correctly someone have known the term places like three and a half. Laughs but I ended up just my sister lives in Philly. So I ended up driving another hour and a half to see her and say with her which was nice because she's a globe-trotting person. So ever since she moved cause I hadn't seen her all that much. So any chance here's a good chance.
No, I just wanted to Shane my friend.
I'll just send a message out there to your friend, which says hey you got to be more clear with your text people have busy lives. People are losing money on this also. Thank you for buying tickets and supporting me in my comedy.
Yeah. Yeah. No, she's she's great. She loves you very much.
And I love her. You know, I have no idea who she is.
Well, you've talked to her once upon a time. It just wasn't on like a big thing.
Yeah. Anyway, if you like you're always asking people what Never mind, actually, how are you feeling about the are you still in? Next?
Fan man? I haven't watch the next game all year. It's depressing. But what I have done over the past probably five or six years. I have re-ignited my love for the team. I grew up loving as a youth The Seton Hall pirates of the Big East conference and they're on a streak They just won their ninth game in a row last night. They took down Providence. They're undefeated in the Big East. This is a magical season Myles Powell is a once-in-a-generation.
Player and I'm going to some they say I was lucky enough to see him play lat.
He is filthy like ridiculous.
Yeah.
No, you stole good Myles Powell will hit a shot from half court and not even think about it.
He'll put a dagger in your heart and I'm hoping they go on a run in the NCAA tournament this year. That being said the last thing listeners of this podcast want to hear about his me printing about college sports.
Yeah. Oh, no. I just wanted I would just want to check in on how you're feeling about the next because it's a rough time. The Knicks are blue.
Tony work Knicks are brutal and unwatchable and have been for years and pretty much since linsanity an unwatchable team and I tried I tried to hang on for years after that but I can't owner their owner seems like he's almost intentionally running the team and they go out this year. They got all this money for free agents and they go and get like for power forward.
Who thought that was going to work?
I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I kind of want to see Taj Gibson run the point but Mike here's the question if James Dolan is James Dolan came to you and was like, hey Chris, I really want you to go on tour with my jazz band. Tina's baby in the shore shot. I really want you to be the opener.
Yeah. What are you saying? Are you going on tour China talking sense soon to him trying to get angle and maybe become like an assistant GM gig out of it because that's probably how he hires.
Well first things first. Let us explain this. I love this you and I clearly clearly are Cut From the Same Cloth in many many ways for anybody listening. The owner of the Knicks is a guy named James Dolan. He's kind of a legendary figure. He inherited the team from his dad. He has been I think the Diplomatic way of saying it is he has been at the very least pretty obtuse.
And is running of the team things. There's been scandals with GM's he's hired. There's been a disaster like Isiah Thomas scandals and then just kind of disasters relationships with players during the Phil Jackson era he can't hang on to coaches and it's gotten to a point where the top level players are now going on record and saying why would everybody thinks that players want to play in New York? Because it's the media capital and Madison Square Garden is admittedly Magic. Well, why would anyone play for an organization this backwards and I feel like every burnden organization into a trash can that is like so trashy.
Yeah, so smelly and that it's just it's abominable.
No one will go near it to empty it and what you're referring to is a thing that I love he has a band called JD and the shore shot James Dolan and the shore shot and he's really into this business. Like a billionaire who owns Madison Square Garden and he's all like and so many like Arenas and shit. Yeah, like just so much money and word on the street and I don't know if this is true and urban legend. It would be very easy to look up is that there are times where he has allowed bands to play at Madison Square Garden under the condition that they allow JD and the straight shot to open for them. I guess not sure shot JD the straight shot. We looked it up. It's JD and the straight shot.
But I forgot JD. I feel like that's the rumor I've always heard is that they have played as openers for like I'm looking this up now. Of like major acts because he owns the arena. Yeah, billionaire like a billionaire books himself to open. Let's see. Here's the here's the article from stereogum billionaire owner books himself to open for the Eagles at MSG.
He owns the arena.
You don't waiting that though.
Come on part black.
No, listen, listen, if they like I owned an arena and I had a chance to then open up for Bruce Springsteen like I would yeah, I would do that. I'd be like, I've worked my life to get well, maybe I don't of he work because his dad's businesses and everything but my perspective it's like My place have a chance to open up Bruce Springsteen because of this thing. Hell, yeah, like I get it but when you already that cloud when you already had the reputation of being like the most hated man in New York Sports fandom and he went like he'll show up at games and fans will Heckle him and he'll instantly turn around and point at them and security and will say bam that person for life like he he is known to have caused some trouble with this.
This franchise people love and then when people will yell stuff he has a thin skin about it. So that's also your right. Like if I owned MSG, I'd be like, yeah, I'm gonna I'm gonna do a comedy set and open up for Billy Joel at one of these crazy sold out concerts Billy Joel does their course, but it's he's already viewed as such a spoiled rich kid who's like broken everybody's heart. So it's not easy to swallow. Although I get your point. I get your point.
I would I would pay money to you. Like I'm not a big build goal person, but I would pay good money just to watch you perform. Just a debt of like existential depression jokes to an unknowing crowd of people there to see Billy Joel stupid.
I mean if I could go up if I could open for Bruce Springsteen and do some of my jokes from Taylor ham egg and cheese available on Spotify now. It's like if I could do my what's the deal with Bayonne, New Jersey? Joke opening for Bruce. I feel like I'd actually get a standing ovation.
That would be an amazing job coach absolutely.
Absolutely. Just I just went to JD I'm straight shots Wikipedia and you'll be happy to hear that the New York Times described the band as a group of well-known sidemen backing a karaoke grade singer. That is the man who booked himself to open for the Eagles.
Ma. What a mob beautiful poetry.
There. It is right that down you get it published.
Off but my question for you is new jerseyans.
Yeah, bring conversions Bon Jovi Springsteen and I got nothing against if I know the right that that's Springsteen's just the right Springsteen's funny for my generation because for kids my age that was our parents music. I don't feel like too many of my friends grew up loving Springsteen, but there was a very brief stretch where I lived in La 2003 2004 and I got so into teen out of nostalgia for my home and you realize this guy's lyrics are Untouchable absolutely Untouchable and they tell stories about people I know and I grew up with it's amazing.
Yeah.
I mean, he's on the road when he was 24, that's nuts.
That's 24 right now. I'm like what I'm doing and that came after Born to Run, right?
Yeah.
Yeah because like he wrote it like around the time that he was writing. He wrote the most the majority of its when he was writing while the innocent but they like wasn't quite right but he wrote pretty much all of the lyric you just have to figure out the music for you. So he wrote the line where it's like I can't remember anymore. This is embarrassing but it's like we're not young anymore and like he's always talked about I wrote that was 24. What did I know about that?
Yeah. We're not young anymore.
Sure little faith This Promise in the night.
She ain't a beauty but she She's all right, and that's all right with me.
Did you ding great song?
Let's hit the pause button been a long time since I've dealt it out singing on the show and old tradition returns me singing with my very poor signal has enjoyed that more fun to come when we return check out the ads.
Even if you're out there trying to do the right thing eat kale salads drink smoothies that you're in preparing all the ingredients yourself. I'm telling you. We all know it's still likely that you're not getting all the essential nutrients. You need on a daily basis enter ritual the obsessively researched vitamin for women ritual makes it so easy ritual really makes it easy for you to get everything you need in one place.
My wife has used ritual. He's very fond of it. I think the way that they approach everything makes sense. They're taking a lot of the stress. You don't you don't have to go and think about okay, I gotta go in the internet research every single thing now, I gotta go to the store and see if I can track down all the versions of those things know they do all that for you rituals Essentials have the nutrients most of us. Don't get enough of from food D3 omega-3.
So many more all of these things in their clean absorbable forms. There's no Shady additives. There's no weird ingredients that you never even heard. Of that do more harm than good to your body Better Health doesn't happen overnight. And right now ritual is offering my listeners 10% off during your first three months fill in the gaps in your diet with essential for women a small step that helps support a healthy foundation for your body visit ritual. Com stories to start your ritual today.
That's 10% off during your first three months at ritual. Com / stories.
Thank you to all of our advertisers.
Now. Let's finish off this phone call and take some real twists and turns you won't see coming. She ain't a beauty but she's all right, and that's all right with me. Did you ding great song this episode is straight up chitchat and I loved it. This episode is straight up two dudes from the Coast chattin it in do we at the only is there like a requirements and talked about was a certain level of angst is their first that guy but it's like it's like a litmus test for like you like it's like a stick and ball to your file.
I feel like there's only a 2% angst in this. No. I mean I love that it goes in so many different directions and I feel like this Harkens back to the early days of the show.
I feel like like where it was like let's just Bounce from thing to thing see what we stumble into and we'll talk about a lot of Baltimore stuff and then we'll talk about sports and Springsteen and then I'm sure we got 16 17 minutes left got time to stumble into all other sorts of stuff. I do want to know more about you. You mentioned you're moving you meant you had all this great love for your hometown. But where are you moving to and why?
No, I really don't know yet it I'm applying to I'm currently waiting to hear. Back from graduate schools for poetry.
Yeah. Yeah. It's fucking scary. But I applied to a places. I applied to Michigan, Mississippi Austin and y-you-you, VA, Virginia Tech. Washington University in st. Louis and University of Texas and all I'm really competitive. And really good and there's a very good chance. I got into none of them. But I also feel like there's a chance against Amon of them.
But if I don't get into any of my probably going to move to New York just because no people there that's where the action is. And oh no, I love the city from every time I've been there and I feel like it's a place where like I feel like in the past couple months. I've really realized I just need to get out there and just like one of my I'm not a big New Year's resolutions person, but I want this year to be more like self-generative with performance opportunities because so much of acting just waiting for people to cast you but I have an idea for like a solo show. I want to try and do this part music part poetry reading and part storytelling.
I don't know if I'm really funny enough for like to call it comedy but like hopefully would also be funny. I want to try and like Get that going after the show that I'm in right now closes and you know get that going and I feel like New York is just a place where like people do their shit and like I remember I listen to Billy Eichner on a podcast things on like Marc Maron. So I guess what he talked about how I Keeneland Manuel Miranda like were doing like Do you like would go to like the same open mic and like Billy Eichner would be doing like very early like Billy on the Street type of stuff and then lin-manuel. Miranda would be like, I think this is like when you like writing in the height stuff and it's just crazy that she's Billy Eichner and I'm going to do them. I'm going to take him places and just build and I feel like that where New York wine you. Field for me if I don't get in anywhere.
Well, I tell you if you're in your mid-20s and You're ready to fight for it. And you have a chip on your shoulder.
New York is the place to go because it will beat you down and it will thicken your skin. But when you do meet with any any level of enthusiasm or success there, it feels like such a victory and I'll tell you what.
If there's one thing I know about people from Baltimore is that they can take a punch and they can throw a punch and you need to be able to do both to survive in the city as an artist and this city has broken me 15 years living here and I'm out. I can't do it anymore. But it's for the young I moved here when I was 24.
Yeah be ready to put in their ears and you're right. I remember I was around for that era. I remember Billy doing shows at UCB where he started the Billy on the Street stuff. It was over. It was a video thing. He did as part of a bigger variety show. And then lin-manuel Miranda when I was back in the Improv seeing heavy. He was a freestyle Love Supreme was like this Fringe thing on the Improv scene. There was this guy named Shockwave who's there beat boxer and he used to kind of come around and he was there Bridge To The Improv scene at large, but I'm not gonna lie. There is I did not prescribe to this but there was a lot of people that were like, who are these freestyle rap guys doing it and it's like, oh, here's who they are. They have a Broadway show 15 years later. What are you doing?
They fought harder than all of us.
That's what they own.
Yeah, I mean like the weird the stuff that people look at it like oh that's weird. I feel generally people choose the word weird too. It's one word to summarize just saying I don't understand. Yeah and frankly. It's not necessarily about being understood especially with art people love with poems to be like, what's this about and it's like it doesn't really matter what it's about. It's matter.
Is it isn't about like the men's like a intellectual thing all the time? It's more so just about like that part of you inside that is touched by like fart and like moved in some way whether it's like in a funny way or the serious way like, Anyway, I'm with you.
I'm around the same way because like you said I'm not Leonardo Dicaprio and I am low on the entertainment totem pole, but I'm proud of what I did and I'll tell you what. Like the probably the most success I've had was an HBO special where I talked about killing China kill myself for 85 minutes and that's not going to work for everybody. But when I meet the people who my stuff has worked for I can tell that II know how much it means to me and I can tell it's meant something them and I wouldn't trade it. I wouldn't trade it for more mainstream success and more job security. I wouldn't trade it on my my worst days. I wonder if I've made all the wrong choices.
To be this many years in and not feel like I'm gonna have a job in two years, but I wouldn't trade it not for the world.
That makes me happy anchors. It's like I feel pretty confident saying this that the people that like love you and love your art. Love you and your art a lot harder than the people that love, you know, DiCaprio's aren't the most if that makes sense.
Well, I'd rather make something that Almost no one likes but a small group of people love that feels to me more fulfilling and no offense to the people who make shows like this. They do what they do very well and I have an immense respect for it, but I'd rather do that then like write for Like a sitcom with a laugh track like they just I'd just rather do that and I feel like that's what's going to happen with your poems man. That's what's going to happen with your songs.
That's what's going to happen. Oh, they're going to click the some people and those people are going to be your Lifeline to keep going and you're going to throw your goddamn punches because you're from Baltimore baby.
Yeah, but like I hope so because that's something to think about. Like what the most frightening I think about like this like solo performance thing because you know, it's kind of is essentially the concept is sort of like the parallel like I don't know like I'm past first of all career suicide means a lot to me just like I came through it after I dealt with all my shit like a lot of my shit and it's just sort of like nice happy to help glad yes.
I feel like I've traded the one existential crisis of like I don't want to live to / like the existential crisis of the world dying might not have it for and so what I want to kind of like pie that but also like I don't know. I have a lot of thoughts about like how people who are born with the deck are raised in terms of like how to obviously like how to be in general like is like to masculinity and everything with that it's like a mess but especially like how we were raised to be sexually and like what we expect how we should expect ourselves to be like whether it's me expect ourselves to be hyper sexual unlike dominant and like for me that's had a real negative.
Packed and like I've had it's a continuing journey of you know, recognizing that I am who I am and that isn't this like picture perfect definition of weird, like of like what a man is or like, you know, I don't know. I don't identify that man, but I don't run identifies anything this identifies an octopus jokingly, but somehow like That joke feels more accurate than any other word. I could use.
Well, this is taking a fascinating. Turn with eight minutes left.
Listen. Listen, you gotta you got sometimes you just gotta hit the hit the swerve, you know, you got to spend 10 minutes on James Dolan's band to break the ice before we get to the fact that you identify as an octopus more than you do as a man.
Yeah, yeah, I guess and I don't just to be clear like when people ask me what identifies if I jokingly say octave has been like that like like not binary. I don't want to I don't like I know some people are like, oh they them like it's like in theater world. Like I said, the first rehearsal people are going around and like kind of like standard practice now and people go around there like okay name role and the pronoun to use and there's always one asshole. He's like like some like motherfucking like older white man.
That's like they them theirs just kidding PMs and like I'm not that I'm so not that I usually pay them that it's like something where I don't care too much about people. I don't really know using it because I'm just kind of I'm a private person. So I generally don't You'll need to be really open about myself with people that I don't know and don't trust but yeah, so I take it very seriously and I don't want to sound like with octopus thing that I'm not making a joke out of it.
I don't think it I think it came off as good-humored but not joking about it.
That's good as you can tell me anxious.
Anyway, sorry. No, that's okay.
No need to apologize for being honest very apologetic person Christopher. So am I also have set a loop it back into Baltimore a city that I've always felt like it's a reputation which I think you've brought up where it feels like you got to be a little tough and that doesn't always fit in with people who aren't interested in traditional masculinity.
Yeah. Yeah for sure and again, Like I said, I think for me my experience I felt that a lot in middle school for sure because I was silly even though they probably Catholic School still like in like Baltimore bit like that like once again high school out in the county. That's where it's just sort of the Catholic thing becomes more of a thing and there's a sense of like what's proper what's appropriate but yeah. No, I mean like there's a couple weeks ago really like my girlfriend painted her nails and the next day I was like Go to wife or play basketball. I was like mom probably.
It's not like I took the nail polish all not because I was like, it's like worried about being seen but it's just sort of like the reality is like I know Paul week. I'm going to go to Y with to play basketball. I have nail polish on just having a confrontation or high and I'm only one confrontation when I play basketball because that's not what I go there for so it took them all and that's us that's a bad feeling.
Yeah, I mean, I guess like it was like a bat out of actually wasn't bad feeling like it was kind of like one think I would recognize like this isn't great. I felt honestly, it's all more ashamed. I was just maybe I'm being a bad like queer for like not going ready to fight and someone calls me like Call me anything.
Maybe maybe that's me being a week queer. But I don't know. I mean you can't think like that.
I mean the idea is that it's just illustrative of the fact that the world is made massive progress, but you still feel like you can't wear nail polish to the Y without getting called a homophobic name or somebody looking to use it as an excuse to push you on the basketball court. That's not about you being weak. That's about the world being.
Tougher than it still should be I think next time but also then I feel bad with my paw making assumptions about these people like that.
Like I could be playing basketball with but you know, so it's like that's another it's like multi-piece practice because I was like, maybe I'm dazzled making assumptions about being called thing maybe maybe but that's that's what that's one of the great questions.
We all face in the world, right? Do you assess do you assume the best of people and become pleasantly surprised when that's true or do you assume the worst in people which protects you but Cuts you off from the world. That's a really major question, especially when you're living in a tough City. How do you learn how to trust everybody all the time? Not easy?
Yeah, especially someone who I'm not a trusting person nice next time you gotta wear that nail polish on the court and then back some fool down in the post.
A little jump hook over them and then nobody's cool.
I cannot do. Um, listen, I'm three and day.
I like same here. I play from three point land is three point line You'll never see me in the key.
I go onto the key like it's on a fast break and also a my my role also if I get the ball, I got shoot kiss. Like if I pass it, probably not touch it again for a few minutes. Yeah, and if I gotta take it, she just got to shoot shoot his gotta shoot.
Maybe we play the same. It's funny everybody on my team whenever someone new joins my team inevitably they'll try the try to pass me the ball while I'm running and I'll Bobble it out of bounds and then we off to explain to them know if I am moving on the court it's to try to get to a different spot to shoot a three or I'm trying to set a moving screen to get someone else open.
I'm never looking for the ball while I'm actually I cannot have the ball and move at the same time. I get it and I shoot or else I'm throwing cheap shots to get somebody else open, baby.
Yeah, just treat me like I'm Kyle Korver do not ask me to handle that's JJ Redick.
I am Kyle Korver. This is who you're dealing with. We're not looking I'm not James Harden out here. You're not gonna see no Euro steps.
No way now fascinating combo.
I thank you for it. I want to just Loop it back to the beginning with Baltimore. Can I tell you are you familiar one of my favorite stories on Earth and something that illustrates Baltimore's weirdness and we'll An extra minute just to get this out. Do you know about the poe toaster?
I do not educate me the post like the bottle of cognac.
Yes. My favorite thing about a federal fucking electrical toaster. Yeah, not some type of toaster that you can only use in by Baltimore. This is a painting.
I want his name.
I want everyone listening to Google this it's one of the strangest stories I think out there and I love a strange story for many many. Decades literally someone would show up. I think on Edgar Allan Poe's birthday. They would show up dressed is him go to his grave and leave a bottle of Cognac and they would not speak to anyone and people started showing up every year to see this and people would try to Trail the guy and he'd shake them and no one knew who he was and if I remember right he was finally in his 90s when he stopped. I believe it went on for like something like 60 years. Or 70 years and I think when he maybe when he passed away his family feel to he was but then the tradition stopped obviously, but from what I'm reading the tourism board in Baltimore has appointed a new post Poe toaster who also remains Anonymous and it's this thing that people gather at the man's grave now that's a weird story and that strikes me as very much of your reader even more. Is that in the right?
In the borders of Baltimore Sorry, and that great that's in Baltimore, right? That's not out in the county.
Yeah. Yes. Yeah, no in in Baltimore like real Baltimore.
That's that's a crazy-ass thing that I feel like isn't gonna happen anywhere else some silent doing visiting that horror writers grave. Love it.
Oh crazy. Can I say one more thing to you real quick? Yes, it has to request. Can you read the book The Book of poetry? It's called The Book of endings five LED we Harris and she doesn't use any punctuation on it. He's a former professor of mine and I love her very very much and I just wanted to spread her work to one person and any other people that might want to read a book bones.
Okay the book of Endings by Leslie Harrison.
Leslie Harrison.
Alright, I'll do my best to check it out, but I'm perpetually tired but Palms move quick. Hey, this was a great conversation. I have loved talking with you. We sound like we have a lot in common and I'll tell you what really fun for me to laugh at a lot of things you brought up and feel like I was on the same page with another person. What a great way to go to face the rest of the day. Thank you for it.
I'm glad it was great for me to thank you very much for everything. And you've done.
All right, and your friend needs to step up the text game she does.
She does she does.
Call it. Thank you. Thank you for like I said at the end there every once in a while I get to do this show, and I know that I get to walk back out into New York City in January where everyone's cold and not just emotionally cold. Like they are year-round also physically cold which makes the emotional coldness worse, but I now have this conversation in my head and I get to giggle about JD in the straight shot all day.
Thank you for that gift. Thank Everybody helps with the show including Jared O'Connell.
I need a Flores and Kristen's. Thank you.
Shall shag the music you want to know more about me Chris get. Com. I'm out on the road to find out about it there.
Apple podcast rate review subscribe.
It really helps when you do.
Next time I'm beautiful Anonymous a politically Progressive identical twin tells us a lot about golf.
Are you identical twins are identical? Yeah, I don't think we've ever had a teacher that could tell us apart because we always have the same teachers and so I used to take her history test and she's take my math test. And then if I had an identical to what you could have taken by Beth tests, my life would have been yeah, that's amazing and you never got caught now we never got caught but then one time I remember I got her.
Better grade than myself and so I stopped doing and I said I'm done. You got a better grade than me the competitive side that I couldn't handle that.
You got a higher score then yourself.
Does having an identical twin make you more competitive? This young, female athlete tells Geth about focusing her competitive twin energy into golf, while opening up about dealing with anxiety, politics, her sexuality, and twin "switcharoo" high jinks.
Hello to everybody who's banned from the driving range one phone call. No names No Holds Barred.
I'd rather know everybody Chris.
Gathered here.
Welcome to beautiful Anonymous.
It's Tuesday. So excited to be able to bring you another conversation one hour at the time. We are exploring this world of ours getting our stories on record in our own words.
No media filter.
No editing Noah micromanaging just you out there praising your stories the way you want to phrase the I'm lucky I get to do this show. I will be plugging this a lot. Just remember beautiful con animus. Com 14:17 tickets on sale this week's episode is it bounces around from topic to topic? We got three major things. I'm going to put out there one. We talk a lot about golf which I have to say is something that until now in my life. I have not been very interested in I will cop to that but I found it quite fascinating.
Do you have this collar loves Golf and is pursuing golf in a very competitive way and how it Taps into her secret Ultra intense side of them. We also hear a lot about what it's like to be a twin all the twin stories. You expect all her how life does proceed in you find some major differences with your twin and then I will say we talk pretty heavily about politics. I know that sometimes listeners on the show don't love the political talk. I will let you know that it is 20/20. It's on people's minds. It's obviously going to be happening more and more and I was I'll just remind you that we bounced between those three. This is a thrill three-ring circus and At the if any if any of those topics golf twin stuff or politics interests you it we keep looping them all background. So enjoy this call with this very interesting golfing twin.
Thank you for calling beautiful Anonymous a beeping noise will indicate when you are on the show with the host.
Hello.
I heard I heard you clear your throat.
Oh, hello.
Yeah. Hey, what's up? Yeah, I didn't I didn't hear you.
Say anything. What's up?
What's up with me? Not much enjoying life feeling pretty good. Lately feeling pretty good. Oh, that's good. Yeah some stress. So stressed with real life. Yeah. I'm psyched to have a little bit of stress with some big picture life stuff, but it's all it's all towards positive and I'll say that. How are you? How are you?
I'm doing good. Getting over a cold, but thanks. I can't really let that stop me.
I have a big golf match today. I'm on the golf team at my college and I gotta I gotta beat them girls today.
I love that.
Yeah. Yeah, I don't think we've ever had it. I mean, I don't think I've heard of a golfer on the show.
Yes see a big golf match and it sounds like you're quite competitive. You said I gotta beat some girls today. So it's like you have like a real Warrior mentality.
Yeah, this is yeah, I love being competitive. And right now there's some drama on our team about she was going to travel to our tournament because our tournament is like it's like a five hour plane ride away. So it's far and only five girls get to go and usually I'm one of those five girls, but we have some new players that want to take our spots. So I have to defend my spot.
So that I can travel so you not not only do you need to to take down your foes at the tournament but you need to swat away The Interlopers these underclassmen. I assume you've shown up more recently. Yeah.
Yeah, exactly, which I think is kind of bad for your team chemistry to you know, make us go against each other.
Yeah, but look what happens to be look whoever whoever can drive the ball the furthest whoever can stay. Calm Under Pressure whoever's going to avoid those sand traps you coach wants to put the best out at there on the green and I do understand that as well. Exactly.
That's that's exactly right.
Yeah, and so, when do you find out if you get on the plane?
Well, so probably today after we're going we're going to play today and then after that our coach will tell us who's going in and we leave I think we go next Wednesday on Wednesday.
Yeah we go. So today. Not the tournament today is the culling of the herd. Yeah, and this is effectively I would imagine like seeing who gets to be a starter on the varsity team.
Yeah, basically the travel team travels, but we call it.
Can I can I ask are you at a division one school know so I'm not a division three almost.
We're trying to get to be division to the red division three, so No one really cares that much. It's kind of like we're all just here to play free golf which makes it so much more fun. Then, you know, it's not so much. There's not so much on the line. But we also we are pretty good. I got to say there's a little bit of Dissonance there no offense but for you to say like, oh, yeah, it's division 3 no one really cares, but then to also be like, I gotta step up and stomp some girls.
It seems like that. Yeah you taking it awfully serious for division three see I look at it more like this is just for fun, like being competitive for fun.
I don't know if that makes sense competitive person that really matter.
What was that? You're a competitive person? Yes.
I am a competitive person. I that probably stems from the fact that I have an identical twin sister and I always have to be better than her butt.
I would say I just like to be competitive and it's fun even though it doesn't matter and sometimes that actually hurts me. Sometimes it kind of gets in my way.
But now does your twin sister golf?
No, she does not.
Do you hold that over her head?
Yes, I do. I just I do hold it over her head a little bit so I play college sports but It's just golf so it's not really that big of a deal.
Are you guys at the same college now?
We're about an hour and a half away from each other.
We we went to school together all our lives and then we decided we need to be our own people now don't want to different colleges.
Does she have anything in her life? That's her equivalent of golf that she holds over your head. Like, is she an amazing guitar player something and that you always you always have to hear about that.
There's we're very different. So she's like really talkative. We also were the same major. We're both politics majors and she's super outgoing and talkative and she's always in like activist groups and she's leading protests. I got her school and she like uses her voice like a lot and she's able to gain a lot of support and I can't really say where she lives but it's a big city and she she kind of has that going for her. She's been doing that since high school to she's like activism and even though I'm a politics major. I just can't really I'm not very outgoing and I don't I don't think I've ever been to any protest and stuff. So that's usually what like, you know at Thanksgiving dinners. It's all about that.
And her what she's doing with politics and it and then at what I'm doing with golf or something.
Yeah, so it sounds to me like your interest in politics. If I had to guess you're more interested in like let's get in the back room. Let's make a deal. I'm gonna get my amendments attitude Bill and we're going to push this thing through.
Yes, that's exactly it. That's I'm like, I want to go into politics like behind the scenes the one who actually gets to Things done and then she's like, you know, the people have the power to which is true. We have the same exact political beliefs. Like obviously, I don't know we we came from like a somewhat conservative family and me and my sister both popped out to be as liberal as you could be so We're both like going at it like different ways to try to make change. We're coming at it from different sides and she's like the same.
Yeah, I love that. So she's your twin sister is like let's get the Grassroots going. Let's get the people rising up. Let's put the power back in the hands of the common folk and you're like get me in the room where it happened so I can win it this to yes.
Yes. Yeah. That's kind of what it's like. Yeah, I love so jerking your competitive with your own.
Just do your competitive with your own teammates your competitive with your foes out of in the green. Do you do you do you define Yourself by your competitive nature? Is that like the number one way you would describe yourself you funny because I like do not come across that way at all.
A lot of people would like describe me as just super chill and doesn't really care and just kind of goes with the flow, but like that's why I'm staying. This now is this is completely Anonymous I deep down and like I don't I don't express it at all. I am very competitive. I know I'm super competitive.
Wow, so everybody thinks you're chill and then right behind your eyes. You're putting everybody on blast. Everybody's in your crosshairs. You taking people out in your mind.
Well kind of yeah. I don't know. I'm just honestly try I just Have fun. I just tried to make the most of my experience here and I don't know now always had there's a phrase something along the lines of the golf course is where the deals really happen.
Do you feel like this is part of your yank off and politics.
Yeah what I always say you don't you don't make it you don't do business on the golf course you decide if you want to do business with that person on the golf course.
That is badass. You're the best.
I mean, I just kind of I don't know if the person you are on the golf course is like who you really are in my experience in my opinion. So I would use golf like I think golf is like the greatest metaphor for life, even though I'm super biased because I love golf either way, but like Everything that I you know, learn and golf I'm able to apply it something some way to life.
It's just like predicaments you get yourself into and the people you have to deal with especially and you know, when you're not doing well how to make the best of it still when you're doing good how to still stay level not get too ahead of yourself.
Now, I'm gonna I'm gonna want you to explain this to me because I've never I think I've played golf. I think I some friends of mine and Ela used to play and they brought me on like a 9-hole course one time in my life and I didn't get it and to my knowledge. I may still be banned at a driving range on Route 46 in Wayne, New Jersey because of some Shenanigans.
Well, I'll tell you what because I've been to the driving range a bunch of times and I've never really told anybody this but it turns out I like I'm not trained. Can really smack the shit out of the ball. Sorry Sally.
Hey, you got a nasty thing not in that because I say about you know, most of the time it's like going off to one of the sides or the other.
Is that a slice when it goes in the Direction you don't want it to When it goes to the right you call that a slice yet. What about when it goes to the left?
That would be a hook.
I'm out here slicing and hooking a lot of time so I'm not going to present I'm not but when I get under this thing, I'll smash it into the net every once in a while because you know, why? Okay, because you know what, I just instinctively learned and you tell me if I'm right or wrong, but I instinctively sensed this.
Like many physical activities really? It's all in the hips.
Yeah, you are exactly right.
I could feel it this you're not hitting that ball with your biceps your shoulders or anything. You're hitting this ball with your hips baby, and I picked up on that.
It's the hip movement. I mean my arms are so skinny. There's no absolutely no muscle in them, but I can still hit the ball just as far as someone who has muscles in their arms because it's just your hip movement that's got to feel good.
You ever get that out there on the you ever get out there at the tea and you're there with some like some guy who hits the gym all the time and he thinks he thinks he's gonna smack it further and then but he but he sitting here trying to muscle it out. And then you smash it 50 yards further than he doesn't and your And you're like I just took you out you son of a bitch.
Yeah, it's a great feeling when I hit it just as far or farther than middle-aged men who play golf.
I love that time. Take it out. I mean you play me some day. I'm a I think if you're 39, are you middle-aged is minute 13 a and middle-aged getting up there someday. Maybe we'll play golf together and you'll beat the hell out of me. You'll feel great about yourself. So any I used to go to this driving range in Wayne, New Jersey with a couple friends of mine.
In high school is fun thing. We used to do and a couple of my friends from my neighborhood. We're troublemakers my neighborhood generally nice enough neighborhood, but it was I think one of the main sources of the troublemakers in my town and it will not be surprising to you that we a actively aimed for the guy in the cart that Scoops up the balls actively went after that thing.
Every time I was out there. I'm trying to put the fear of God in this guy and then we also realize that there were A bunch of that. If you go on the Nets on the outside that a lot of the golf balls get caught on the outside and we're going out there trying to steal a bunch for no real reason outside of just stealing a thing because we were teenagers right and we got yelled at for that and then I went in and it had like I think a lot of driving ranges have like a little like said of mini greens right or mini what yeah.
Yeah a little Practice Group practice so you can practice your putting and yeah. I went to sign up for the putting green and they already had like yelled at me and my friends twice and instead of letting the guy just hand me a putter. I kind of like showing off for my friends Waltz back behind the desk to just grab a putter because I don't know my own obviously in the moment. I'm 16 or 17 years old and there must have been what I mean. You've seen these racks probably a hundred Putters all hanging from the thing.
I knocked every single one of them down when I say every single one of them hit the floor. I was a klutz and I wasn't trying to do that, but they thought I was a mean my friends were told never come back here again that is really funny because at golf courses there.
It's mostly people who are just trying to be super like quiet and elegant and like like let's go pie or whatever and then all of a sudden a bunch of Putters crash that that would make me laugh really hard I would be Really entertained.
What if I was there you and I both know that if you're you know, you're out of putting your at a driving range on a Friday night because it was a week. I was a Friday or Saturday. You're probably you're probably like you said the Democrats are just demographic middle-aged guys. They probably been working hard 9 to 5 all week long. They just want to go smash some balls for the weekend so I can get their rage out. How about their families rage free?
The last thing they want to see is me and my two guney sixteen-year-old for as soon as we walk in the door. They're probably like oh, here we go.
Yeah. Yeah, but it sounds like you guys had more fun.
We did that night. We you know, you hate to say but when you're a teenage boy ruining other people's fun is one of the most fun activities when you're at 16 year old boy.
Yeah, that would make sense that checks out.
Now.
I've heard I've heard rumor and you tell me if this is true or not.
I've heard that there's like a big upswing. And parents encouraging their daughters to take up golf at a young age because due to Title Nine laws in place in college athletics. And because traditionally golf is I think more of a thing that father's pass on to their sons historically that there's a lot of room to get scholarships and golf for for for young. Ladies. This is true.
Yeah, that's that's definitely true. I didn't start until I was 15. Dean and I because it was all so yeah, my dad got me into it. My dad has played my whole life and he kind of got us and me and my I have two sisters. He got me in my other sisters both into it when we were younger, but none of us really stuck with it.
But a lot of the girls that I encounter in NCAA tournaments are like they've been playing since they were three or four and you know their dad, is that every single tournament and Don't even doesn't even seem like they like golf. It's just their dad pushed them since they were young and in golf for women golf is that is a good sport to get a scholarship. That's definitely true because they need they need to give out the same number of scholarships to grown as two boys. And you know, if it's a college had the football team that's a lot of boys getting a scholarship and there's no God.
There's no girls football team. No just Person, oh give it to Golfers.
You got a scholarship people.
Definitely. No, I don't have a scholarship in division three and we don't do that, but they just recruited us.
They did you got so you got actively recruited.
Yeah, they just recruit us and be like come to this school. It's great. We can't give you any money, but it's a good school. And that was enough for me.
I like that.
I'm going to the school. I was I wanted to go to anyways, and yeah, so the fact that I could play on the golf team just was like an added bonus and now tell me as a competitive person.
So you've been playing you said, you're an upperclassman see Playing for a few years.
When you go on the you're flying all over the country to do these tournaments, very competitive person. Are we talking you're coming in first place where you come where you coming in on a regular basis?
Oh, no. No, I'm like in the middle. I'm a very average player. I'm like, I like I'm fine with how I play because I've only been playing for five years. Yeah five years. And you could say I progressed very quickly and I'm at the point now where I can beat my dad and that's all I really care about.
I give you my dad in the most of the girls on my team like the out of the top five players that travel. I'm number three. So I'm right in the middle. And then so then in the tournaments I end up right in the middle.
So you're the third so when you are when you are fierce. Really competitive and profoundly average that might be I would imagine that can be a frustrating combination.
It's like frustrating. Yes, but the girls who are better than me are so much better. It's like I can't really be competitive with them. You know, it's like like it's the girls who have been playing since they were three or four because their dad has been pushing them to yeah, and and like I think they usually see Golf differently like golf is just for fun for me.
It's just a competitive outlet. But for them, it's like this is all they have. Yeah, and it definitely not all that I have is just for fun.
So when you got these freshmen and sophomores looking to take your spot, if you're third in the pecking order, this is actually this is actually a thing. That could happen.
Yes. I'm I'm nervous that next year freshmen are going to come in and take my spot.
Sorry to laugh. But the the reveal after when you've spent we're 20 minutes into this call and so much of it been like golf is my thing. I'm really competitive. I'll take people's heads off out there. It's yes and then to find out and I am the third best on my team and there's a high probability that a freshman could come.
With a lot more experience and yeah, that is a hilarious reveal.
I feel like I'm motivated to spend all summer at the golf course making sure freshman doesn't take my spot. There's so much conviction in that real actual connection. Watch out for freshman everybody. Hey, we got ads to check them out be right back.
Have you ever needed a doctor late at night or while traveling? I know this feeling I travel all the time travel all the time. You get on a plane you feel fine. You get off the plane and all of a sudden something's hitting you you're in a city that you don't know it can be scary. Right? That's why I tell the doc gives you 24/7 access to board certified doctors anytime anywhere for non emergency conditions, like a sinus infection allergies flu rashes and more their board certified doctors can Street and prescribe medication when medically necessary to be delivered to the pharmacy of your choice tell the doc is available through most insurance or employers at $45 or less a visit no appointments.
No waiting rooms. None of those germy urgent cares or expensive trips to the ER one of tell attacks testimonial States. I am an RN and I have little time for personal issues. Let alone being sick while caring for the ill this service called me after setting up an account and request. Testing an MD visit in minutes.
The service is actually amazing and I only wish I would have utilized it sooner. There's a great review for you. Tell the doc is here to get you back to feeling your best no matter when or where you are download the app today or visit Tesla doc. Com stories to register today. So you're ready when you need a doctor's care or schedule a doctor visit today.
Don't forget to download the app or visit Tela doc. Com stories.
Thanks so much to our advertisers for supporting the show. Now. Let's get back to golf Twins and politics and then to find out and I am the third best on my team and there's a high probability that a freshman could come in with a lot more experience. And yeah, that is a hilarious reveal.
Okay. I'm glad I can make you laugh. But here's the thing the fact that like I'm nervous that these freshmen are going to take my spot.
I will spend all summer at the golf course making sure that they don't take my thoughts and getting better. Yeah, because I started out as number 5 and then I've worked my way up.
So you took somebody out and now you've been taking people out. Why didn't I'm ahead of you.
Yeah, I've been taking people out. So now I just got to make sure that the new guys don't take me out somehow and what are the strengths and weaknesses in your game?
Strength I don't know. I'm just able to I guess they call it scramble where you don't hit every shot good, but you somehow end up with a par still because cuz it's basically short game it all comes down to short game, which is like chipping and putting my long shot. They can go anywhere. And as long as I get it around the green I can get it in.
The whole pretty easily Lee that's probably my strength shorty weakness is weakness is that I get tired easily and it's mental game actually mental game is my weakness because I mean most of the listeners on this podcast struggle with mental illness. I'm definitely one of them like anxiety is it has stopped me from competing before just because I get so nervous.
Again, again another dichotomy.
That doesn't match up with what what I believed.
Yeah. I actually thought a lot about this like the fact that I'm so competitive but then I struggle so heavily with anxiety. It's like the competitiveness is who I know really supposed to be I'm supposed to go out and try to win but then this anxiety is kind of like this, you know, I call it like an autoimmune disorder. I'm like attacking myself for no reason.
because I shouldn't really be nervous shouldn't have this anxiety, but then because like I know I can compete and do well which is like the fact that I am number three in that I can be other girls is like the reason why they that's good enough for me is because anxiety is so hard to get over especially in Gulf and so I would say Yeah, that's kind of where that dichotomy comes from.
I feel like you just trying to get over anxiety. I feel like you just summed up what it's like to be a young person in 2020 Vic. I know I'm supposed to be able to go out there and win and dominate but the anxiety is messing with my guts. I feel like that demonstrates everything that's changing about sort of the American Myth as we speak.
Yeah. Yeah. I have a lot of like just questions about God about why is that how young people are now? Like was it not Everett? Was it not like that for you when you were my age?
I mean if you know anything about if you ever watched HBO special I talked a lot about my early 20s and I was a lot I was a lot like you except I wasn't third place at anything. I was the fifth place person if most areas of my life and had five times the amount of anxiety anybody else around me had 10 times the amount of anxiety. Everybody else around me had spent days crawled up in the dark.
On the floor of my bedroom in college. Just wondering why I existed so I was an early adopter. I think my generation still clung to a sense of toughness that I think your generation is maybe happily trading in as a less of a priority and I was an early adopter of being a anxiety racked twenty-something who couldn't sort out why life was the way it was?
Yeah, that's that's kind of where I'm at to Understanding the way the world works now and I don't really like it all that much. Yeah, it kind of frustrates me and especially being a politics major and I mean all of the stuff happening in politics right now. It just really disappoints me what aspects disappointed most as someone who's learning about it currently.
Um, I I think that the constitution is not even being upheld at all anymore. I mean Trump is our president and that the the way that are I mean the Iowa caucus just just I like went to sleep just so sad that our party couldn't put that together couldn't do that and and The impeachment the whole thing that they acquitted him without even having any Witnesses. They didn't listen to the subpoenas which is like, you know, our government is supposed to work that way for a reason.
Like it's supposed to give other people power. It can't just be this one guy with all this power and then the Democratic party, you know, the DNC is like has this weird issues going on with the caucuses that it all comes down to power in even though I'm a competitive person going back to that individually.
I think that my competitiveness is actually a downfall for me because I We believe in Democratic socialism and basically equality and that no individual basically that strong individuals come from strong communities not strong individuals make strong communities and that's like really where I struggle the most with being disappointed in the way our system works. Basically capitalism. I don't know I just went off that that rant right there.
Yeah, I like you're in it. I will say the caucuses SS someone who is someone who has voted Democrat my whole life. It was like well, we just handed them the very easy and somewhat true talking point of you know, this super elaborate Health Care system that these people want the government to take over.
They can't even get this caucus sorted out right mostly it's like and you can't really argue with that of like hey you want these While writing your health care when this caucus went the way it did.
It's pink. It's hard.
It's hard to not not in agreement begrudgingly at that. What a mess.
Yeah. It's so disappointing. I mean, I'm literally right now wearing a shirt that says Medicare for all but like how is that even going to work when the Democrats can even count votes from a caucus the image of you going out onto the green later to try to swat away the people coming for your spot on the team and then you got to smash this ball and you got to get to that short game and they're going to turn around and look them in the eye to intimidate them and they're going to just take a deep breath and say Medicare for all you're really trying to yeah for somebody who believes in socialized medicine.
You're really trying to crush me right now.
Oh, it is fun wearing my Bernie shirts on the golf course.
Yeah, it seems like a lot of his his values of community and connecting. Everybody doesn't totally match up with I am very into an individual sport defined by the idea that people make capitals deals out there on the golf course and crush each other a weird conflict of values there.
Another little contradiction that I struggle with in my life being an individual such an individual sport. But like I love Bernie so much. It's interesting. Sometimes I feel guilty about it. I don't think you feel guilty about it.
Have you ever hit a hole-in-one?
No, I have not come close to that must feel so good. Yeah, I've also never seen anyone in real life in person hit a hole-in-one. So the time of the day I see that is going to be really cool Anthony that I do it myself if it's it's dunking a basketball.
It's hitting a home run. It's getting a hole in one. Those are the three things that it's like those must feel so good and I've never done any of them. Yeah and I never will I never will you might get a hole in what you gotta keep playing golf for me. You got no listen. Yeah. You think I'm gonna dunk a basketball the age of 39?
I think I'm gonna go out into a baseball field. I was there when I played baseball as a kid. I literally used to cry because I was so bad. I would cry and it filled me with so much stress. And then after I think after like seventh grade I said to my parents, I really don't like baseball and they were like, well then why don't you stop playing and I was like, I'm allowed I'm allowed to just make that choice.
They're like, yeah. I know it seems like you like basketball a lot better anyway, and I was like, yeah. Yeah, I can keep playing basketball and never have to play baseball again. I don't think I've touched a baseball bat since the day. I quit what an embarrassment was. I mean, I'm you think I'm gonna grab a bat now and smash one 450 feet.
Well, I guess it's not for everyone.
I've never hit a baseball baseball's for the birds baseball math and dogs. These are the things now people are gonna get mad at me too. How can you hate I don't dislike dogs are fine. I guess I'm gonna get a dog. Everybody lately wants me to get a dog on the show. I don't you might be a listener to the show. Are you aware of what I look like?
Yeah. Yeah, I follow you on social media. I'm a big fan.
Well, thank you so much, but you have to agree the idea that I'm going to develop athletic prowess now. Come on. Let's build let's both be honest about this.
Yeah. Well, I you found your little area though in comedy and podcasts and whatnot. So that's you found a different area that you excel in whatever whatever the phone call equivalent of dunking a basketball is I figured that out. Now who's you definitely dunk the basketball with beautiful Anonymous?
Yes, I don't the basketball with a progressively more outdated and obsolete form of communication. I've nailed that now who's your favorite golfer and who's your favorite politician? Sounds like Bernie is at the front of the pack.
Yeah. Okay favorite golfer probably.
Lydia Ko or Lexi Thompson for women and Justin Johnson for the guys. I don't know if you know who that is.
I know who none of these play.
Okay. Yeah, I didn't expect you to but there they just have very good swing. I don't know what type of people they are. They just have good swings and then politics. I really like Bernie obviously and Alexandria Ocasio Cortez, you know her she's my representative.
I'm in her District. How jealous are you right now?
I'm so jealous. That's so cool.
I met her. I think I told this story on the show Once when she was running I walked out of my house. I was going to the beach wearing a pink bathing suit, and she was standing on my corner with Susan Sarandon and someone in her staff who stand there recognized me and I've never felt more humiliated in my life.
Oh what? That's so cool.
No, I was wearing a straw hat and a pink bathing suit. I never dressed for the I always wear my bathing suit under my jeans and I walk onto the beach in my dream in my jeans. The rare times I even go to the beach now, I got to meet AOC and Susan Sarandon. But yes, she was just somebody out there pounding the pavement shaking hands.
Dude, she's a cool person. She's so normal. Yeah, I know a lot of people do not like her it's very divisive. She's very divisive. Yeah, but I love her she's definitely inspired me more actually. She she's I'm double majoring in politics and economics because of her because that's what her degrees and politics and economics role model role model for the yeah for the use the role model.
Cool, I think that's cool. Yeah.
Yeah, definitely.
Now who's your favorite politician? That's also known for playing golf because I will point out you have you have said you don't like Donald Trump, but he plays a lot of golf.
He does play a lot of golf and he's actually good at golf which is annoying.
Have you ever fantasized? I really have you fantasized about getting out on the green with him and trying to take him out.
Yeah, I've joked about it with my teammates. If we were to ever play with Donald Trump. What was what we would say to him on the golf course.
What are we thinking here?
I mean you don't decide you don't do business on the golf course you decide if you want to do business on the golf course, but I already know I don't really want to do business with Trump. So I would just I would just say a bunch of shit too. I don't know. There's not much you can say to him. Oh sorry Sally.
That's okay, but would you would you wait till he's like winding up. Is it winding up on his swing? What is the terminology here?
Yeah, and in fact during his backswing I just said good luck.
Really I would just settle.
I like to say to my Dad. We're right on his backswing. I just say good luck. And then it trips them out.
I feel like you should just be like wait till he's in his backswing and be like you cheated on your wife with pornstars and paid the National Enquirer to cover it up. How did you get away with that and still have the support of the family values party and see how that goes during his backswing?
Yeah, yeah, that's that's a good one to say. I'll have to keep that in mind for when I if I ever see him on the golf course you like wait until he's just about to go for a chip shot and he's super concentrating in your like why do you mock that disabled reporter and like just say stuff like that right before he swings?
Yeah safe stuff to really get in his head, you know kids in cages, right as he's trying to Sweet.
It's very interesting that he's I mean I bet I wonder if he's like Strong-minded in that way because on the golf course you can crumble apart so easily. So I do I do wonder if he can get intimidated or like if someone can say something to him that gets in his head ever.
It was like nothing can get in the guy's head. I don't get it. I don't know. I don't want to rent too much. But once someone says you can grab them by the pussy. It just feels like right there you don't get to be president, but that was four years ago and I guess you do. Okay. Anyway, anyway, yes, your there's so many.
Yeah, there's so much stuff we could talk about about From about him not. Yeah, but I think we're in agreement on that.
Now, how do you feel about the I feel like if any politicians are listening right now and they're going I've got this super motivated political science and economics major whose extraordinary competitive and wants to take people out. I want this person on my team.
Well, I hope so.
I mean I well I was just telling you about all the politics stuff. I was thinking wow, a lot of listeners are probably thinking this is just some young college student who's who's been fueled by the liberal, you know college mind because that's what most of my family members say. Yeah, but I don't know.
I never know if you know my beliefs and you know how I act as like is actually meaningful or Because I'm a college student who is in this growing up in this time right now.
I think it's well, here's the thing. Why has it become so in Vogue to dismiss like you once you turn 18, you have a vote and therefore your opinion matters. Why is it so invoked to dismiss that I don't quite get it don't quite get it get it.
I have a vote is equal to anybody else and I've heard people of the generation of the gave birth to me go.
You hear people go all these young college kids. Kids trying to change everything and it's like, oh really cause you're my parents generation and you guys were anti the anti-vietnam movement. You were the feminist movement you were the u. S. Civil Rights Movement. So you guys were out there in the streets doing it. Why do you roll your eyes at people who are trying to do it now?
I don't get it.
Yeah, they're they're not trying to make change somebody else. How soon when did we going to be hot?
Come so cynical? I need you. I need the people at you. I need the people. You are still fresh faced and not cynical yet who still have the fire in your guts? I don't want to make you guys feel like you're not allowed to speak up. I want you guys to feel like you got to speak up because people like me need to listen.
You're right. You're right. That's that's part of the reason why I love Bernie so much is because he he says, you know, this is the young people fight right now and I agree with that 100% because I mean I'm going to have student debt. But if Bernie president doesn't look like I'm going to have student debt that but let's okay now people are gonna start getting but think about the real issues. That's just kind of something that I just thought of but like the real, you know, social issues like Karen stuff like okay this stuff that now people are gonna get meds and some people are and I get it and some people also listen to podcast for escapism and they're going to turn it off during political talk and you know, and that's fine. And that's fine.
I'll see you next Friday if that's what he alright but can I ask you a question because you're a political science and economics major and a Bernie supporter. And here's my big question. And I don't know who I'm supporting. I'm supporting whoever is against everybody listen to podcasts knows that but you just said, Burning gets in I won't have no student debt anymore.
My big question is Is that it's not like one person gets in and snaps their fingers and changes stuff that quickly it's not how yeah.
Yeah, I know.
So how is that really going to work and that I guess that's my question is he's describing the world. I want to live in but it's not the world. I live in now and one question. Here's a question I have for you that I think is very valid to a young Progressive is how come people who identify as progressives?
Are so put off by incremental progress, you know what I mean by that?
May I point out you all just heard me take forever to ask that question in an effort to not get all the super passionate birdie people mad at me.
We all heard me sensitively dancing around it so that I'm not so nobody lashes up.
Well politics so touchy in 2020. Anyway, we got ads capitalism check them out. We'll be right back.
You ever run into a situation where you're traveling you're away from home. Maybe it's the middle of the night and you need a doctor that can be really scary. I travel all the time. I know this feeling coming down with something when I'm out doing stand-up and I'm in a city where I don't know anybody.
It can be really nerve-racking. I remember once being in Minneapolis and having a find a doctor last second and you're sitting there and you're stressing and we want my insurance this and all these questions, right? Well, guess what? Tell the doc gives you 24/7 access to board certified doctors anytime anywhere for non emergency conditions like a sinus infection allergies flu rashes and more that are board certified doctors can diagnose treat and prescribe medication when medically necessary to be delivered to the pharmacy of your choice tell the doc is available through most insurance or employers at $45 or less a visit no appointments, no waiting rooms, and I'm going to go catch germs that one of those Urgent Care Air units, you know, you're not going to go to the ER and it's going to be shockingly more expensive than you thought tell the doc is here to get you back to feeling your best no matter when or where you are download the app today or visit tala doc. Com stories to register today. So you're ready when you need a doctor's care or schedule a doctor visit today.
Don't forget to download the app or visit Tela doc. Com stories.
Thank you again to all of our advertisers contributing to a capitalist Society now. Let's get back to the phone call.
How come people who identify as progressives?
Are so put off by incremental progress.
You know what I mean by that? Yeah. Yeah, you know how things take time.
You can't just go in there and yeah, like you said snap your fingers and things change you like.
I see on my social media feeds amongst people who I really like and people who I really respect people who share values with me. They get pissed off at the idea that that might happen over time instead of tomorrow.
Yeah, that's kind of just like the hold immediate happiness thing that people want these days like like I understand things don't really get done. I've been following politics for like since I was like 15 now not a lot really gets done ever. / so it's a bummer. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know who you're right A lot of people tuning into the show might not want to hear my whole political rant because I get it. I get real tired of politics to even even know in politics major. I have to turn off the news a lot just because I'm so sick of it.
I mean, I barely even regard myself as heavily political person and I still read At it obsessively today, but yeah, yeah, it's yeah, it's tough to not get burned out not feel hopeless right now. But who knows maybe someone maybe someone on some side even if it's even if someday a Republican president can make us feel a sense of hope and a sense that things can move forward.
I feel like that would be such a nice change of pace.
Yeah.
It's a sense of hope so we can move forward now did you ever Did you ever switch with your identical twin sister and take tests on each other's behalf and subjects that you're stronger at you can be honest.
It's anonymously actually we did what we did do that in high school. What?
Okay, we look like a lot really very similar.
Are you identical twins are identical?
Yes, so you do look similar. Yes.
We look very similar. Yeah, and I don't think we've ever had a teacher that could tell us apart. Because we always have the same teachers. Yeah. And so I used to take her history test and she used to take my math test. Yes, and then if I had an identical to a to could have taken my math tests.
My life would have been so much better. That's amazing and you never got caught now.
We never got caught and then want but then one time I remember I got her a better grade on one of the history tests than myself. And so I stopped doing and I said, I'm done. I'm not doing this anymore. You got a better grade than me.
The competitive side and couldn't handle that. You got a higher score then yourself.
Yeah. Yeah because it was in her name.
So you went in and beat yourself at a test and then got mad that you had been bested even though you were bested by you.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's it. That's a good way to put it.
And what would you guys have to wear did any of your teachers ever go like hey, how come every time there's a big test you to show up wearing the same outfit you ever have one of those know the thing they were like scared because they're all the teachers were always scared of getting us mixed up.
They're scared. They're going to say the wrong name. So they just didn't talk to us and say anything to us.
So like we were like Invincible basically when we switched places Invincible. Yeah, no one no one would say anything to us. And then if they ever did which they never did I would just say why you always getting mixed up with my twin like we're not even that somewhere and then they would feel bad.
And is this like something you would tell friends to brag or was it a coat a closely guarded secret?
Um, yeah, I think we told our friends.
I think I remember telling Actually our math teacher. I told my math teacher at the end of the year. I was like, you know meet me and we used to switch places and she there's like nothing she could do about issues with chill teacher. She didn't really mind so when you'd already graduated or when it was already like everything's locked in.
Yeah teachers not gonna want to go to the pain in the ass of reporting you at the end of the goddamn year.
Oh, I like that living the dream.
Mmmmm. Yeah, that was that was really fun to switch places and how do you plan a basketball team together and people would get the other team would get mixed up.
Really? Yeah.
I remember a couple instances where we would have like two people guarding like two people would be guarding me because they thought I was the other one and would you wear like a dress wait, there's two of them and like you'd wear number 17 and your sister would wear 71 and you'd like I didn't think about that put it on there next time next time you're on a competitive basketball team together.
And now what some let's talk about some of the other twin that some of the other big stereotypical twin questions. Did you ever date another set of twins or was there ever any drama with a love interest mixing you up with one another?
No.
No, I do remember some like uh throughout like Middle School guys would be like Like oh, I like both of you like I would want to date both of you and we'd just be like screw off your weird. But other than that like we never dated any twins we never had really like the person we were dating never mixed us up or anything and you never had a crush on the same person.
No, well, that's interesting because actually we she identifies a stray and I identify as gay so we would never really liked the same person or that is yeah that that helps draw a line in the sand that makes it a little easier. Yeah, that differentiates us. Definitely.
Yeah. Yeah, that'll do it. That'll that'll do it problem solved.
Yeah like our Like fashion identity I used to say is really different.
So when you would switch up the tests, would you have to dress up in each others clothes, we would just wear like similar things like I was both wear a black sweatshirt and jeans right something right. You just meet in an ambiguous Middle Ground fashion wise.
I love that. Yeah, yeah. Dance wind is pretty cool.
What are the other advantages of being a twin that I don't know about.
Um, I mean I the best thing for me is it's like a built-in best friend like we've been best friends since we were born and I don't remember like becoming best friends with her. But you know now we talked on the phone every single day and we just were so similar like in our ways like Like we're just super.
/ I don't even know how to explain it. But like whatever I have an issue I call her and she's like I'm having that issue also. Like our minds work really similarly. So it's cool to be able to go through life and know that she is kind of having similar thoughts as me.
That must be nice me and my bro. I have one brother and me and him used to punch each other in the face. Probably three times a week growing up solid legit. I'm not exaggerating. Yeah physical strikes no punch each other.
Really?
Yeah, even though your best friend's connected on your mind waves.
Yes, we are connected on our mind waves, but we physically will hurt each other and how bad do you want to win and all those fights pretty bad we get you think I'm competitive. Oh man. I am so competitive with my twin sister like physically we we used to play every night. We used to wrestle when we were growing up.
Like I used to be like Well, we were always super skinny where the same wave because we're twins. So it was like the most equal fight ever.
We just want to win.
But yeah, that must be a very very jarring image. I would imagine for anyone who comes upon like if you got in a fight in public, like let's say you're in a park and someone comes around the corner and they're like, there's two identical humans wrestling each other right now with bloodthirsty rage.
Yeah. Yeah, and we used to buy I remember we used to get into arguments at school like in the hallways and people would like stare at us like like kind of laughing like, that's weird.
Can I ask you a sensitive question and maybe there's nothing here?
Yeah, sure.
But when you when you realize that you identified it you said gay or queer. I want to be very respectful.
Okay, I don't care though.
I identify as anything really now when you when you are coming to terms with that as you grow into an adult is your sister the first person you speak with about that.
Um, she no actually she was the first person in my family that I told Yes, but that I don't have to with one of my other good friends. I didn't really come out until like a year and a half ago. And that was one of my one of my roommates that I kind of was best friends with that. We I told her first because she was also gay and there's some in there six of us where I live in the apartment. And so so I basically figured that out with all my roommate and then told blood and I told them and then I told my sister and she was like, yeah, I know she knew well, yeah, I mean you two as you said you ever a mind-meld where you feel the same thing, so if anyone's gonna yeah, since we're your rhythms are at I'd imagine it's your sister. Yeah.
Yeah. I like the way that we would behave like literally since we were three years old like I would go I would be wearing like a boy's shirt or something and she'd be wearing a dress and like it was just kind of obvious to her. Like she's she's not really like me like in that sense. That's the one thing like we're not really similar on.
So yeah, she definitely picked up on that but and you said you came from really oh go for it.
You didn't really want.
Oh, I'm so sorry. I didn't ever identify as gay until I left home. So yeah, and you said you came from a conservative family.
Do you feel like you kind of needed to get out and spread your own Wings before you fully Embrace that yeah, definitely like where I came from was kind of like We didn't know any gay people in my family.
Lee and my parents would always say like I don't really care you can do whatever you want and then when I actually when I when I went away to college cuz now I live in a very liberal place in my school is super liberal. It's totally different. It's like like I thought my parents were accepting until I came here and realized they weren't really accepting they were just kind of tolerant.
And so it was a lot easier to come out here and and then come back home and be like this is actually who I am.
Yeah, do you think I'm going to ask a question is it like I said a topic I always want to be respectful of them. So happy to hear that you found an environment where it felt accepting and safe. Do you think your parents had to wrap their heads more around you being gay or you being a Bernie Sanders supporter? Which one do you think as a conservative family was was harder.
I think it quite aggressive.
For my mom it was probably it's definitely the fact that I'm gay. She she took a long time to process that but she she left me. I know and then for my dad, I think it was the fact that I was a Bernie supporter because my dad he's a he's a Republican and he doesn't we don't talk about the fact that I'm gay really? It just it's not really on his radar for issues that he cares about for my life. It's more like am I going Set like financially am I going to have a good life like career and stuff.
So the fact that I am a Bernie supporter we get into some heavy debate out on the golf course because you play golf with him. He said oh, yeah, I do. Yeah on the golf course we talked about it to do you have any sort of rule?
That's like we can't talk about politics for the first seven holes. We have to just not have this fight for all 18 holes.
We do try to we don't have any rules but like we can tell when we're getting a little bit too much to into politics. We're like, all right, we're here on the golf course. Let's enjoy the golf course and we do have rules that like at Thanksgiving dinner. I was with my dad family and we had we before we sat down everyone said, okay no politics tonight because We all there's like half is so divided half. The room is Republican half. The room is Bernie supporters.
So it gets it gets bloody. That's yeah. Definitely. We have to draw the line was politics in our family.
So everybody's like trying to just quietly eat cranberry sauce and stuffing and there's this quiet tension. Yep, and then all of a sudden your dad is just oh, yeah, he wants to tax 70 percent of my money and then I will start screen. Yeah. Yep.
Exactly.
I remember once I was on the road with another comic and you know, when you're a comic and you can get to a level certain level where you can bring openers on the road and it's nice because you have someone to travel with but also your kind of letting someone who's coming up kind of cut their teeth and kind of learn about the next step that they'll be out in a few years and a friend of mine who was kind of more I think probably like more libertarian.
Ian than conservative but he liked her eyes out of people. I was not at a point where I had a lot of money we were in an area that was kind of expensive. So we shared a hotel room and we had the TV on and there was an episode of cops and you know, it was one of these things where they're exploiting people in hard times. So they're like chasing some meth addict who's like trying to hop a fence and they get them and he's like screaming crazy stuff because he's all high and like my buddy from the other bed just as Chris Bernie Sanders wants to take all your money and give it to that guy and it made me laugh so hard.
Yeah, people don't like that.
People don't like that. I like that. You're not saying nah, that's not really what he's about. You're just saying that people that's that's not a part.
Oh, yeah, that's really not what he's about. He's never really said that he just said if it comes to that he would but people did that kind of annoys me to put some people don't understand our tax system. Like we have a progressive tax or like if you make $200,000 only your The dollar will be tacked that seventy percent. The rest of it will be, you know, like makes the first 50,000 will only be taxed whatever the small amount like not 70% of the 200,000 you make is going to be taxed people need to read people need to read more into this is reacting to Facebook headlines.
Yes, and also we've listened to get headlines. But you know, what else is fair to say, I think people on mine and your end of the spectrum also need to research the things that make us mad too. I think that's only fair.
Yeah, we got you're completely right maybe to everyone just needs to know before they say stuff. They need to know everything including myself.
Now, did you and your sister ever pull Switcheroo on your parents or would they know you well enough to not fall for it?
No, my parents are like they could tell us apart the second we were born they have this weird sense. Well, my mom does my dad. I don't know like he would always just look to my mom like which one and she would know.
So you're never tempted if you were getting in trouble for something to try to like.
How could you yell at me? My sister's name about this?
Yeah. Yeah, I mean kind of it was like Well, that just makes me think of one instance. When when we were we used to share a car when we were in high school and it was really dirty one day when my dad went into it and he came back and he said why is car so dirty to me and I said, oh it was the twin not me and then he goes to my twin and goes wife card so dirty and she goes, oh it was it was her not me.
Is between so we would always just blame things on the other one, but that's not a twin that I would post it like that on my brother to that's not I'm talking more about like you get caught red-handed doing something and then you go into a bedroom change all your clothes and come back and be like, I can't believe Cynthia did that or whatever your sister's name is because my bro, I could easily I remember once my mom was me and my mom when I was in high school. We were cleaning up together doing some chores chit-chatting.
And and she picked up a thing and you know, we had like a basement room when it's like kind of where we would hang out me and my brother and she picked something up in a bunch of empty beer cans fell out of it.
She was like, what is this man?
My brother is really bad Meanwhile. My brother already was in college. He lived in Philadelphia at the time my God, he must just stored these here three years ago. Oh, that's weird. And it worked my mom believed me because I was the youngest one and her baby.
Yeah, not much of a perhaps. We could never really do that where I would say, you know, that was my twin because my parents at least fake it always falls apart now.
Listen, we have less than a minute left. How many hours until you got to go out here and defend your honor on the golf course, um about two and a half hours.
I have to go out there because I'm on Pacific Time. So yeah two and a half hours and that right before that. I'm at in about 45 minutes. I have to go take a midterm first.
So what are you doing? Not studying you're sitting here talking to me about Bernie Sanders and a dossier. It's not a math test. Is it? I know you're bad at math.
I have tweeted. I've waited a long time to talk to you Chris. So it's worth it. Don't worry.
I'm glad I went down but I hope you don't tank your midterm and then lose focus on these freshmen Headhunters because of me.
I know I know well Well, I'm really glad I got to talk to you and don't worry. I studied last night if all be. Okay.
Well, that's good. Good luck in the test. Good luck on the field battle. I hope these freshmen don't take your spot.
Thanks. Me, too. I'll try my hardest.
Thank you so much. I hope you don't take a midterm because you want to talk to me about golf. I really hope that that I don't I'm going to live with the guilt forever just with the potential that that happened. Thank you so much for calling.
Thanks to Anita Flores. Thanks, Jordan Alan. Thanks to Shell Shack about me.
Road crews guess. Com go get your tickets from beautiful.
Kannada me if you haven't done so already and if you like the show one thing you can do that out and go to Apple podcast rate that you subscribe.
Thanks so much. I'll talk to you next time.
next time on beautiful anonymous couple years ago.
I was hit by a semi and in the testing for spinal cord damage, they found lesions in my spinal cord and in my brain, so not only did I not get killed by a semi that hit me at 50 miles an hour. I got diagnosed with MS. A month after I got hit so we got it.
Yeah next time I'm beautiful and on.
Getting hit by a semi truck at work was only the beginning of this guys problems. With his future in doubt, he decided to buy his very own 10 acres.
I am so excited that so many people are excited about the beautiful cotton on Thomas convention coming to Brooklyn May 14 through 17. What an ill-advised idea to have all convention based around intimate one-on-one phone calls, but we're doing it. We already saw that the live screening of the Jodie Foster classic contact. Thanks. Everybody tickets are moving really fast for all the other shows. We got multiple live tapings throughout the week. We got some great stand-up bills.
It's gonna be awesome. Awesome. Get your tickets while you can beautiful. Come on Thomas. Com to get all your tickets already heard from people who are coming from Australia from Portugal. It's blowing my mind. It's gonna be a party and I would love to see you there in Brooklyn May 14 through 17, 20 20.
Hello to everybody who's moving out to the middle of nowhere Anonymous one hour one phone call. No names No Holds Barred.
I'd rather go one-on-one.
I want to thank everybody who listen to our last week's episode which was of course our young caller who is obsessed with golf and socialist politics and also being a telling us about being a twin. It was really that that Facebook you're the beautiful and Time is community. It's like 33,000 people strong. You guys are all so chilling nice Fun by stuck as a it was soaked. I saw people talking about how they also love golf.
I saw people talking about how a lot of the young collars lately. I've been giving them. Hope I took that was very nice and then me and myself and one other person got into a whole very pleasant debate about the nature of capitalism and it's dark sides and positive sides and if it's appropriate for me to be talking about Dark sides and then immediately throw to ads and it was all Pleasant to end and I so thank you all for being a part of that group.
This week's episode. I've been excited for a while for everybody here. This one. This was a live taping we did in San Francisco as part of the San Francisco sketchfest. First of all, thanks to everyone who came out. San Francisco has always been kind to me in my career. When I started expanding Beyond New York. San Francisco is one of the first towns that actually embraced me made me feel good. So to Buddy in Northern California and the Bay Area came out live.
I thank you. Just genuinely I thank you simple as that this call. Wow. This collar is one. I will not soon forget. You'll hear had a scary scary accident somehow in the face of all this caller is able to tell us about how he's dealing with it how he's approaching. Recovering stabilizing moving forward making some big lifestyle choices that switch everything up and this caller is someone who is absolutely strong absolutely dealing with a lot and the way he describes how he has rolled with so many brutal punches really made me think about how I need to not get caught up in the small things and the small defeats and end and the challenges and adversity and just really keep looking Beyond them.
Collar, really something special enjoy it.
Thank you for calling beautiful Anonymous a beeping noise will indicate when you are on the show with the host.
Hello.
Hello eyes talking to the call or not. The life crap. Hello. How are you calling?
I'm doing good man. How are you?
I'm doing real good. I'm sure you noticed this in the prompt. This is a live show. So we're in San Francisco. There's a bunch of people here, but I don't want that to make you nervous. They all got your back. They're all very nice.
Okay.
Yeah. Yeah, basically. A couple of years ago. I was hit by a semi and in the testing for spinal cord damage, they found lesions in my spinal cord and in my brain, so not only did I not get killed by a semi that hit me at 50 miles an hour. I got diagnosed with MS. Oh, wow after I got hit so well, we got a lot to talk about.
Yeah, basically when I was in the hospital, my neurologist told me see here. I'm not going to walk and I should quit my job and find something else and I work a heavy labor job, which is kind of funny because it's hard to do in general not let alone now with some issues.
Use this but the good thing is it kind of led me it led.
Me too.
Open my eyes to kind of what's important. I was in a long-term relationship with the girl is like now seven six or seven years and in the hospital I kind of realized that she wasn't there for me. So I ended that relationship and then did what any person who gets diagnosed with multiple sclerosis does is going by 10 acres of land and a house for your first home.
Look at that our first mini Applause break I have okay, let's go over a few things a few things first. You got hit by a semi. It sounds terrifying. Were you in your car or or were you crossing a street? What was going on?
It was actually I was at work. I work for like a road department and I was plowing snow a couple years back when we had a lot of bad snow and the semi ran a light and hit me right on the passenger side axle of the truck as I'm like a 1-ton truck and he's in the semi at the 53-foot trailer and hit me and I spun around three or four times.
Yeah.
It's got to be I mean hit me right on the axle.
So he's kind of the best case scenario because it was wet and icy out. So instead of rolling the truck which would have killed me pretty instantly he spun me around and luckily I made it out. Okay, and I'm still walking and obviously talking to you.
Yeah, I mean that's like that. I've been in a couple accidents over the years and I have to met because when you're in a car you have that moment where you're like, maybe I can get out of here, but when you're plowing snow in a 1-ton truck you must be Like shit, let's see how this goes. Like there's no there's no moment. I like let me hit the gas and see what I can do.
Yeah, cuz really what happened I was in a turn and I was looking through my turn plowing and I just saw headlights out of my peripherals and I looked over and that was just enough time to know that I was going to get hit.
I'm really sorry. That sounds that sounds terrifying. And then yeah you survive you must be letting out so many thankful sighs of relief you find out you have multiple sclerosis. Is is is there any element to which the accident helped people notice this and help you get ahead of the curve on it, or was it just so in addition now, we're living with this bad news, too.
It's all like in addition because they're checking my spinal cord for like severe spinal cord damage because I had cuz I got hit by the truck and I was back to work in four days and I was at work and I couldn't lift my left foot up. So one of the things with Ms. Is you lose control of muscles because your nerves don't communicate and so the call it drop foot and I was dragging my foot and I can't even walk without tripping and went to the doctor and then he sent me into the ER to get an MRI and did my first MRI my wife, you know went in the tube and I'm a big guy so I don't fit in this damn things anyway, so that's fun and Went through it and got dressed and then the doctor came in and said no you're going in for another one and that's when they took a MRI of my brain and then they found 23 lesions in my head alone including the 16 on my spinal cord.
Oh my goodness. Oh my God. No, it's pretty much they pretty much said I shouldn't be walking at all.
Just based on the size and where the lesions are because I mean what I'm asking is like such a variable thing to other One it's kind of a crazy thing but it actually turned out to be one of the best blessings I've ever had that makes sense. I mean, I got out of a relationship with a girl who could care less. I mean as in the hospital and she's just sitting on the phone the whole time so depressed and feeling about 10 acres which is which is stupid.
Yeah, first home buyer.
I mean, that's what I did is a house in ten. Has like not usually what people that have a disability, you know, a disease like right can make it so they can't even walk right alone. Hey 10 acres. This sounds like a good idea yet.
Not only will I like you. First of all, you sound like a badass your back in work four days after a semi hits you I've called out of work because I was vaguely sad. That's the thing I've done in my life has been like I'm just kind of not feeling it today you get hit by a truck. You're like I'm back baby ten eight and they tell you you're not gonna walk.
They tell you're not gonna walk. You're like, oh really? I am gonna walk and I'm also going to be responsible for 10-8 not only will I walk I will be plowing and sowing Fields. Like you're you're going when my neurologist told me that because you know, you get a bomb drop like that, you know, you just going through all sorts of fucked up emotions when you're sitting in a hospital bed.
Yeah, and that's That's why I hate the Harry Potter series is because I was the only damn thing that was on the TV. So the Harry Potter fans out there but not really my jam because of that. But yeah, the neurologist comes in the room and tells me one I should find another job and I shouldn't be walking and I basically just told her fuck you and you're still working the same job.
Yep, working the same job and added 10 acres to your life. Wow. I mean first of all, I'm so sorry and second of all congratulations for for not for not taking no for an answer and continuing to push yourself and believe in yourself. That is very inspiring.
Yeah, and you know, I mean, it's not without it ever since I got hit it's kind of been I get symptoms every once in a while. Like I haven't had fine touch in my right hand and damn near three years or something now.
So that makes it fun when you can't know I feel I feel you know, like how old people can't open. Zip lock I can relay and you said you work in a labor camp.
Yeah, I do. I think it pretty damn well because I have to basically because my insurance is worth my job. So I got it obviously fake everything which is sucks because it makes me feel stuck. But yeah at the same time I'm super grateful that I have good insurance because that you're going through all the two weeks in the hospital with all the steroids and crap that one year alone. My medical bills were top like $425,000 or something crazy like that.
Sin, man. That's a sin. No.
Yeah, but luckily I had decent insurance and only cost me 15 hundred dollars out of pocket. So I can't really complain too much.
No, I think you can complain all you want. I think everyone in this room would agree that if anyone wants to vent and complain in the course of an episode of this show. You have the right to complain A truck hit you and you have 39 lesions in your body. Yeah you if you want to if you got some grapes where I could hear him, but it's pretty badass that you don't because I was gonna sit there is a part of me that was going to be like, well, it's so cool that you were like, nope. I'm working my job, but then there's a part of me. That's like well now that you've proven them all wrong you ever thought about maybe getting out of the labor but the insurance I'm about I feel like it's very easy to say this in San Francisco, but man it's stories if there's any stories that show why there needs to be a much better thought out Health Care System. It's yours like 425 Grand.
But that's not and then I was on I was also on up I fought like taking any kind of meds because I just not that's just not me. I don't like meds don't like they make me feel weird. So I took them five months to get me onto a drug and it's tecfidera and it was the most fucked up I've ever been mentally that was is messed up. Like just my mood swings are like insane. I'd be like happy and crying and just you know from the top of the bottom in like five minutes and it was like uncontrollable and I didn't want to go on that and it's just well if there's no real cure for MS. It's just like a disease modifying drug. So it's like hopefully it will stop it type of deal, right?
So I was taking that and then I went in because you're supposed to get MRIs every year or six months or whatever it is and I went in to get MRI and then I had more lesions in my head. While I was taking this drug that was fucking with me. So I just stopped cold turkey on that and just kinda just doing my own thing and it's actually done pretty good.
Still walking. I'm still working in a physical job and I like buying the 10 acres and stuff was kind of like a thing that for me is like a mental goal like house. I have got pay off in 30 years, you know, it's like shit kind of stupid but you know, hey, I might make it I might not but I might get hit by another semi and not make it that time, you know, so there's always that you are an impressive human being all these stories and then everything is just like nope.
I'm gonna do it my way. Puma obviously, I'm someone who's had good experiences on medication, but for you to say you're facing this thing that's life-changing and the medications weren't feeling right. So you said I'll just do my I mean, I hope that there's doctors obviously keeping an eye on it and making sure that it's safe, but it's pretty again. I keep using the word badass but man Yeah, and the crazy thing is, you know, like a mess.
If you look at possible, you know, what's happening to get you diagnosis like fatigue and I've been working manual labor my whole life. So I just attributed fatigue to work and another one is black mold and well you'll like this one. I was after Hurricane. Sandy happened. I deployed out there. And I worked for free for a volunteer organization and we got it houses out in Union Beach New Jersey. See I was out there for 45 days and we were basically sleeping and condemned houses and sleeping in our moldy work clothes. So that was fun. And who knows that was 7 years ago now or something like that and and who knows that black mold could have led to it too, but they don't really they can't pinpoint it or anything. So it's kind of a crazy thing.
First of all, I'm wearing a t-shirt right now that literally says the words defend Jersey on it and you have done so you step up you try to come in and help people in my home state and then it leads to a lot potentially leads to a lot of really rough stuff down the line and yet you still have good good head on your shoulders fighting the good fight. Wow. Yeah.
I also want to apologize Gord gotten the I just want to say really quick before I got a little bit of a cheap pop by talking about health reform Health Care reform in San Francisco. Let's point out. This is a city where I was I missed my call time today because the lift couldn't get through the traffic caused by the anti-iran war March and the women's Reproductive Rights march. This is a city where I'm like sitting in traffic like why do all these things I agree with have to be happening at the same time. Like that's the city.
We're in so I want to apologize for the admittedly cheap Round of Applause from speaking up for health care in San Francisco, but you're saying so you were about to tell a story about what it was like in that Hurricane Sandy relief.
Well, and I was up in like Mom is counting so up in North Jersey and we're up there and the team that I was with we were getting approximately 15 ounces a day is what we were doing and we did it all for free. It didn't cost the homeowner is anything so it is probably the most incredible work I've ever done in my life because like I just go in there and tear out a couple sheets of drywall like for me that you know, whatever.
A couple sheets, it doesn't matter but there's some homeowner, you know, they cry and it was like the most crazy thing to have that much appreciation for the work that you're doing. So well is awesome. But we always joke when we were there. I did click on man. We probably just shaved off 10 years of Our Lives working here because of all the black mold and then Kind of ironic that I'm the one that came down with a autoimmune disease that possibly could have been caused by black mold.
How are you? Laughing? How do you ever laugh like how that's amazing that you could tell that story and it ends with a knowing chuckle is that that you that's I mean, that's a remarkable that sometimes you gotta I feel like you are living the very prime example of like sometimes you have to laugh because what else?
Can you do but yeah, I mean, I mean my sense of humor is kind of fucked up and people don't like it because of what most people don't even know that I have MS. I don't really talk about it. It's not like a thing like to bring up because it's whatever. I'm still the same person. So I just kind of fight through it and you know, it's kind of annoying sometimes because I'll give you an example how it is like because my foot my lower body sometimes is numb.
So it's like wearing a swimming slipper. On my left foot and then wearing a giant chemical resistant glove on my right foot my right hand and that's like how it is for every day. So imagine trying to cut up vegetables and your cooking and with this huge cumbersome rubber glove and that's where I'm at with the feeling in my hand.
But I like my family they don't like my sense of humor because I just kind of self-deprecating and I think it's funny because what else am I going to do about it?
So at Thanksgiving Uniqlo myself as much as I possibly can Thanksgiving you're sitting there making jokes and laughing at them yourself, and everyone else is just staring to their mashed potatoes like, please stop making us contemplate mortality and Thanksgiving, please please Yeah, pretty much WoW, laughing the whole time all I just sense how uncomfortable people are but you know, whatever.
Sometimes we my family members they try to do their best and try to like research stuff about Ms. I'm like don't even bother I don't really care. It is what it is. Like if it's going to put me in a wheelchair and next year then that's what's going to happen and just going to roll with it.
One of my buddies he told me one time he had a friend that got diagnosed with cancer. And yeah surgery one time. Would you want to know looking back at all the crap all the chemo and all the crap that she went through one of her things that she said as you know, I honestly don't think I'd like to know if I had to do it again and just kind of keep on living and doing what you do.
Do and cuz that's what I've done. I mean all my I always attributed my hands not working the like being a carpal tunnel and stuff. I just powered through it and just kind of whatever it is what it is and keep on going so I kind of like that kind of, you know, at least for me not I know it's not everybody's cup of tea to be like, I don't want to know about it and just keep going but But you know, I'm not going to lie it via like I still think about Ms. All the time and there's a genuine fear of the unknown. I mean mean I laugh and joke, but I'm scared of shit about it.
But what am I going to do? Like I said, we don't know what's going to happen tomorrow. So I try not to worry too much about it, but Like I said, it's probably one of the as fucked up as it sounds it's probably one of the best things that happened to me getting diagnosed because ended up ended a fucked-up relationship with manipulative family of my exes and my new girlfriend. I don't know what the hell her problem is because she's 10 years younger than me and just I told her from the get-go, you know.
When it was about to get serious or whatever the hey like I got this fucked-up disease and I don't want your future to be affected by it type of saying, you know, it's like I don't want her to waste her time, but she stuck with me and we're on what you're here and a half now and that's awesome. Awesome.
Yeah. Listen, I want to talk more about that. If you don't mind the crowd has been tweeting questions for you at me and thoughts. You want to hear some of them?
Jermel do it let's pause there.
We got to take a break those got to take breaks in this show now is the perfect time for one will be right back.
If you're getting eight hours a night, which you should that means a third of your life is spent in sheets. So you need these bad boys to be comfortable home of the internet's favorite sheets. Brooklyn's got over 50,000 plus five star reviews and Counting and they have moved beyond the bedroom. I now offer Essentials for your bathroom.
Ultra-soft loungewear makes it feel like you never left bed because of heard me for years. I have been sleeping on Brooklyn and sheets. I really love him. Also, I just got myself some Brooklyn and towels and these things are they're the best towels I've ever actually had in my house. You can hear it in my voice. I'm giggling because I'm about to say a sentence that is both true and ridiculous. I am obsessed with my Brooklyn in towel.
I get sad when it goes in the laundry and I can't use it for a while if you like softness like Comfort Essentials to help you. Relax Brooklyn and has it all Brooklyn in. Com is the perfect place to hit refresh in the New Year gone make yourself comfortable Brooklyn and is So confident in their product that all their sheets comforters loungewear and towels come with a lifetime warranty you get 10% off your first order and free shipping on the all new sheet when you use promo code stories only at Brooklyn and. Com. That's be Roo kli any n. Com and hey New Yorkers, if you're listening you can get the internet's favorite sheets and More in real life. You visit Brooklyn's first store in Brooklyn. It's at 127. Can Evan Williamsburg Brooklyn and everything. You need to live your most comfortable. Life All right, everybody buckle up for getting back to the phone call.
If you don't mind at the crowd has been tweeting questions for you at me and thoughts. You want to hear some of them? Sure won't do it. Let's see RMS. I hope I'm pronouncing that correctly says people in San Francisco. Cannot even imagine 10 acres.
Yeah. It sucks. Pretty bad. The view is pretty great.
Nick Bradshaw says I get hit by a semi and now I have to suffer through these goddamn hufflepuffs in relation to your Harry Potter a lot of stuff coming. So Jack wants to know though. I think we've covered this. So the MS was not caused by the accident was just sort of exposed by it.
Yeah, cuz well, I mean Ms and stuff. It's like cancer and everything else you have these fucked-up cells that are in your body and it could be stress a lot of stress brings up my symptoms.
Like if I'm at work and managers are pissing me off and stuff. I caught my Hawkeye. It's when I know I'm really getting pissed off because my left left I will actually start to like blur, you know leaves like Vision in my left eye you call it your whole career really pissed off because it's like, you know instead of turning green. I just can't see out of my left eye.
So you'll be oh God. I hate listen. It's Of deprecating is the word self. It drives me nuts. I'm very self-deprecating. Sometimes people start making jokes about makes the answer so part of me, but the idea is so when you get really mad, you're like you now not only is my right hand in a rubber glove in my left foot and a flipper.
I can't even see because you're pissing me off. Yeah.
Well my left I could still see on my right eye pretty good. It's just my last one.
That's you in a nutshell. Holy shit. Every I've been talking to you for what 20 minutes and that is you your that is a maid that you're like I can still see out of my right eye. Like that's what a level of optimism here's something. Here's why I love doing this show listen to this. What a small world it. Is there someone in the crowd.
Dr. Moore gave them. I hope I'm pronouncing that right who is in the crowd tonight is a neurology resident who spent who will be specializing in MS who says if you haven't already just make sure you're looking for a neurologist you really trust.
No, as a comment to him don't tell people they can't work or they can't walk. It's just a moth look at that.
Look at that. If you people are heckling your doctor, people are heckling your old someone just yelled at peace instead of using the hashtag. I set up sir. He decided to just yell sounds like he sucks in relation to your old duck is is docked the doctor who tweeted at us. Are you here? Would you oh, you're the guy who ha ha ha so so yeah call her you'll be happy to hear that. The neurologist in the crowd is the one who yelled that it sounds like your neurologist sucks.
Yeah my I've gone through for neurologist and they all suck Seth now. I don't know if you just now I don't know how close you are to the West Coast, but if you need a hook-up, I found a chill neurologist you Extra comedy and he's happy to express his opinions freely.
But yeah, it's kind of a crazy thing and I don't know it makes me appreciate a lot more than I did before to which is kind of cool.
Yeah, let me I want to hear more about I want to get to some some gossip you brought it up a couple times when you're in that hospital. You've been through something scary you get even scarier news and your eyes. This is lifelong news. And your you've been And someone I think you said six years who's sitting there on their phone through it all.
that's I mean I would have to imagine you couldn't see out of your left eye for most of that time.
No just fuming and the fun part is I'm pretty sure she's cheating on me during that time with the guy that she's on the phone texting all the time when I was in the hospital. Oh, there's a gossip or you what positive thing.
Are you about to say right now? I feel like them the more grima thing. You say the more you're able to blow all of our minds by just being like, but you know what? She's Happy and I'm happy to so life is life. Love is love like well, it worked out because I kind of figured she's cheating on me.
I want to say seven months before I was hit and I moved all my stuff out of the current place that we lived at and I just moved everything into my now my now current property and I was a store and ship their hope and I was going to get the property and they just all kind of came together. So when shit seems like it sucks. It kind of things work out because I ended up with 10 acres and a property on my own and I got a clear conscience which makes it Super Rad.
Oh you are and then I met my now girlfriend who's fucking amazing and is there for me?
Me all the time so I can't ask for anything better than that.
That so one extreme to another.
Yeah, what's going on with these 10 acres? What do you got going on out there? What kind of land?
No, it's partly wooded partly open field right now. I just got about 10 apple trees and a bunch of fruit trees and bunch of plums. It's nothing crazy yet. I don't have any livestock or anything. Yeah, I'm do not there. I like to go do stuff and having animals makes it so you can't you gotta go.
So you just have an orchard on your bucolic 10 acres no animals yet. I have to tell you I just heard an Room of San franciscans get so jealous. I just heard it. You can hear the jealous erupt it we're talking about a city where it's like, oh you want a studio with a roommate you're paying thirty five hundred dollars each and it's in a part of Oakland that 60 years ago wasn't zoned for residences. Like that's that's the rumor in.
Yeah.
What do you say $3,500 a month that makes me feel better about my mortgage because I ain't that much.
You're paying less than that a month for 10 acres of land with where you have Woods you can hike through in a bunch of fruit trees. You can pick any from yes. Oh the joy in your voice as you stuck it to I could just hear you thinking enjoy your app development San Francisco me out here in the more seen part of the country.
But it's funny because like when I have friends over for like bonfires jetsetter like City kids, but come out. No, they always ask me where to park and I have literally eight Acres of parking that they could park at anywhere. R and yet, they always ask where to park which is I can I kind of think that's funny but I get it we did not see any person so it drives me nuts when I can't even find a parking spot near friends you could have ended that sentence after when I have people out for bonfires and if you just stop there this crowd would have been pissed let alone that you have eight Acres just of parking.
Yeah, you know you only live once right?
Yeah, that's just that's the truth as someone who's moving out of a city to get to someplace with a little more Woods. I'm not moving any place with 10 acres but I am happy to hear that that it's working for you anybody here Round of Applause and our San Francisco people like New York people where it's like the most beautiful thing to live in this area and it offers so much motivation and so much opportunity and also every single minute of every Single day you are planning your exit strategy is that that type of city as well and the exit strategy? Is that someday maybe something will happen in your life that's lucrative enough that you can just go live like this man, right? Like that's that's you're living the dream man in that way breathing in other ways by a semi live. In other ways. I feel what was that I said, it's easy.
You just get hit by a semi somehow managed to live through it and then get diagnosed with a fucked-up autoimmune disease. It's nice.
Yeah touche my bad. I shouldn't have phrased it as quote. You're living the dream. I should have said you're living the real estate dream or you are living the dream in one specific way. And in other ways. Yes your point stands. It should not take that much to get there. I want to see if we have anything else coming in from the crowd. I'm also curious.
Are you a union member in your labor job with your good insurance?
Yes, I tell you man. I've been thinking more and more about it. Thank God for unions in this country. I become really obsessed with unions. You got a good union how they take care of you.
Yeah. All right. I mean I'm kind of mixed emotions on them. They take a lot of my money and they don't really represent us all that much but I do have good health insurance. So I'll take that they saved on that one.
It's the people are messing with the Union's man. I don't think you want to I think that's when maeby will finally wake up and take to the streets if they mess with the unions, but who knows? I'm just a guy with a podcast.
We have some feedback Kelsey. Said that your call is like Grey's Anatomy drama. I like that Ryan. Listen caller you like dark jokes. Do you want to hear a dark? It's really dark. It made me say the word Ryan like I was scolding him. Do you want the dark Joker know? Yeah, Ryan has suggested have you ever considered that maybe your girlfriend was cheating with the guy who drove the semi?
That'd be ironic to be a good enough job though, because I made it out alive.
And rezulin points out that you are an amazing soul, sir. And I agree. I agree. How did you meet your how'd you meet current girlfriend? Well, you know Tinder what's your to make fun of people all the time for that and then here I am ended up meeting a girl on the internet. So you're in a relationship that's gone bad and you're like man these tender people what a bunch of Scrubs and then you're single and you're like and away we go.
Yeah, pretty much.
I've always wondered I tell you because I'm my wife is so cool. My life is so good with my family and I wouldn't trade it for the world, but Under started up about a year after we got together and I've always felt man. I would have been the king of Tinder in Brooklyn. I absolutely would have been you want to hear weird thing. I'm going to make it about me for a minute.
Here's a very very strange thing that I've heard is true, which is that we wants to I once did a episode of my own TV show on OkCupid came and helped us out. It was like a dating theme show and the the people who came from OkCupid told me legitimately that if you live in New York City and you You list one of your interests as Chris gethard. It increases the percentage that you are going to get late. They told me that they told me that not nice.
I just took a picture with my dog in it to show that I'm sensitive or whatever.
Yeah the dog picture for sensitivity and that's being can I ask, you know, let's get honest here. Let's mean you get honest now when you're chatting with people on Tinder, are you ever saying like, hey, you know, I'm just kind of you know, I'm just kind of Finding finding my footing again because you know, I got hit by a truck had this experience making me kind of reconsider what life's all about my priorities you ever you ever. Is that the game you're spitting ever be honest.
I should have that would have been a lot easier probably got to talk to me man.
I should charge extra bio that I get hit by semis and make it out alive.
No big deal. Let's go. Let's go get some coffee or something.
Wait was that was that your profile or no? No, I just know I didn't put that would be amazing. That should I recently got hit by an 18. That's so bad. I recently got hit by an 18 wheeler and survive want to hear about it. Come get coffee. I'll tell you the whole story boom done.
Well, I'm fights 2020 I guess now.
MS Is I believe it's degenerative right? It can get worse over time.
Yeah, because like it's basically just scarring on your my Lawn Chief. So that's why the ones in my spinal cord are really bad. Because that's what really leads to disability is because your if you have them in your brain, your brain is pretty sweet and can make Pathways around your Scar Tissue because that's what they do is basically if you get it in your spinal cord, that's where you get fucked. And of course that's Who wouldn't be Grey's Anatomy without me having that fun part of it?
Yeah now and you said your I want to be clear you're you said your parents are you didn't love the medications? You're not on any medications? Nope zero that I'll tell you just just diet so that neurologist guy or gal that's out in the audience.
Dr. Terry walls. That's who I follow and eat a lot of leafy greens which kind of sucks because it's like nine cups of leafy greens a day, so I get really tired of eating My jaw hurts all the time.
But it's all you your turn.
Can I do you mind if I ask the neurologist some questions with that? I don't want to exploit you and have this other person giving opinions on your story. Unless you're okay with me picking his brain to well.
They're right about the neurologist sucking so yeah, go ahead.
Your guys aren't the same. Can I ask if we like have you is this something that you've heard that dieting? Like I When I hear oh I'm avoiding medications. It makes me worried to the college doesn't make you worried to our neurologist in the room.
I'm not going to say no, but there aren't big studies on diets that have shown that they definitely weren't her health, but there are within the medicines they're all so he's saying he sounds like he's an open-minded doctor.
He's saying the thing that worries him is there aren't really studies on the dieting side of thing, but there are things but there are studies on the medicine. So that just is a little more confidence boosting. I would say not to put the last Words in your mouth but that's what I took away from it. Yeah, but he says still it well.
Yeah, if I end up in a walker, I'm going to make a pretty badass Walker and stuff. And if I have a wheelchair, it's gonna be a badass wheelchair. So, uh, it'll be all right make everything badass.
Have you have you thought about what a badass wheelchair would entail like do you sit there and go. All right, if it comes to that here's what I'm doing.
We like the Mad Max shit.
You want to build yourself a Mad Max wheelchair. Now I not I mean, I got 10 acres to play with so I have to operate a little bit right so this hahaha. So as you see I hate to laugh, but you are you really are not lying when you say you can bring up some funny images in the side of the dark side. But if you start to sense that things are getting worse, one of the final things you're going to do as you as you are able to is build a badass wheelchair evocative of mad. You're like a bunch of spikes and like metal skulls on it and stuff.
Yeah, preferably.
That's I don't want a Jazzy Scooter. That doesn't seem fun.
I hope you put those truck nuts on it.
You know, that's truck nuts for the heck a couple testicles off me.
Yeah, get some truck that's on there doesn't belong on Prius is in San Francisco, right?
Let's pause listen to some friends of the show while you do we'll be right back.
I go on the road a lot for work. It's a fact my life. I love it. I feel lucky I get to do it. But sometimes you're out on the road you run into situations where you feel yourself coming down with something out of nowhere you feel overwhelmed. You're out of your element. You're in a place. You don't know well guess what tell the doc gives you 24/7 access to board certified doctors anytime anywhere for non emergency conditions, like a sinus infection allergies flu rashes and more their board certified doctors can diagnose treat and prescribe medication when The necessary to be delivered to the pharmacy of your choice tell the doc is available through most insurance or employers at $45 or less a visit. No appointments. No waiting rooms. No, germy urgent cares. No expensive trips to the ER one of tell the docs testimonial States.
I'm an RN and I have little time for personal issues. Let alone being sick while caring for the ill this service called me after setting up an account and requesting an MD visit in minutes. This service is actually amazing. I only wish I would have utilized it sooner. Tell Doc is here to get you back to feeling your best no matter when or where you are download the app today or visit Tela doc. Com stories to register right now. So you're ready when you need a doctor's care or schedule a doctor's visit today.
Don't forget to download that app or visit Tesla doc TLA DLC. Com / stories.
Thanks so much to everybody who helps make this show happen. Now. Let's finish off the phone call.
I hope you put those truck nuts on it.
You know, that's truck nuts for the heck a couple testicles off me. Yeah, get some truck cuts on their doesn't belong on Prius is in San Francisco.
Right?
Are you making fun of electric cars in San Francisco?
Yeah, wow. Wow, so.
Let's see. Oh people are I'll let you know color I had to come out since I'm using Twitter. I have my phone plugged in on stage and the tech savvy San franciscans. I mentioned I dropped it in water recently. Someone's telling me not to charge. It is very dangerous. It was weeks ago. Someone else is telling you Chris for real unplug your phone. Once you have enough battery all these Tech advise people.
So funny, it's all these people with opinions on phones.
Oh, here's a good question chance wants to know what's the craziest thing you've done on your 10 acres. That's a good question because if I had 10 acres and that meant I could do a lot of cool shit that no, but neighbors would ever hear about I'd find some crazy stuff to do you found yourself doing anything crazy?
I'm I mean, I borrow my filled with my Volkswagen bus a lot. Wait what sure sure. I piss off the neighbors like my front feel they'll take my Volkswagen bus out and go rally out in the field.
You just go they go everywhere. You take a Volkswagen bus and just go ape shit in a field.
Yeah all around my property.
It's like my Jeep I guess but cooler.
So you go off-roading on your 10 acres that you're paying eight dollars a month for?
It's $6. 99. But yeah six night.
Your mortgage is six hundred ninety nine dollars a month. I'm joking Chris. Come on. Thank God.
Is this me being a jackass? That's all? Yeah.
Okay. Thank you. Yeah, you did. I almost threw up fucking gasket on that one. That's pretty fun. Oh now you mentioned your neighbors are the like everybody out there on 10 acres. Like are you living like out there with the Doomsday Preppers what's going on out there?
Yeah, it pretty much everyone's in 10-acre Lots.
So yeah, any really really really talk to him? Yeah, you don't lose nobody's moving to that environment because they want to come stop by and have a coffee klatch with the neighbors people are looking people are looking to build a bunker and hunker down.
Yeah, exactly.
That's why I'm out here. I like to be away from people. So it works out pretty sweet.
That's interesting because you're such a You're very Charming guy and well-spoken guy with an interesting story. Why do you want to be away from people?
I just always grew up out on the farm. So City Life just doesn't appeal to me. I grew up on a hundred ninety four acres. So 10 acres is a downgrade I suppose.
Like your dad's like son you're dropping the ball. You only have 10 acres of land yourself you grew up on a hundred and ninety four acres. Yeah, you like own your own County. What are you talking about?
No not okay.
I mean there wasn't a hundred ninety-three wasn't that big where I grew up so and talking ranches and tens of thousands of Acres that people own.
Oh, so yeah, this is like, Texas Oklahoma that like people have big ranches. Yeah in the midwest you own what is life like a drone and I was just I grew up and I hung out.
I hung out by myself a lot and dug holes, but I did I didn't have any friends. Really I just hung out by myself. Self what were you when I was 9 I hit groundwater and I dug an 18 foot deep hole. I was 9 years old. So that's what I did.
For fun or it was like a thing you had to do as part of your chores tending to this massive amount of land that you're claiming is not massive, even though everyone in this room lives in a we work.
No, it was just for fun.
I used to make forts out of the holes. I dug you might just catch snakes and throw them down in the hole as like a snake pit when you were nine normal kid things.
We when you were nine you dug an 18 foot deep hole. Yeah, how how tall were you when you were nine?
Not that tall, but they have things called ladders.
So for fun as a child, you would by yourself dig holes. So deep that you would then Place ladders in the halls and then once you kept digging, how would you transport the dirt out because you were a little sarcastic with me, but are you climbing back up the ladder with big buckets of dirt? Yeah.
I was just playing Nintendo like a little asshole.
Well, you know, I don't know. I just I just hung outside all the time.
That's all. Oh my goodness. You are a specimen a specimen some other questions coming in. Oh, Stan pineapple says, they're updating their bio to see if my lines work in San Francisco Oh, Katie says does mentioning our interest in you on apps increase ladies Chances with guys or vice versa or both. I may need to Take my profile.
I don't know. I believe it goes both ways at least in New York. Oh, here's a very California question. No meds not even weed.
No. No, we'd really I wish I could partake but I can't let my job with your chassis. That's a bust so it's not legal medically where you are because I know in New Jersey it's very very strict, but it's legal medically for very few things, but Ms. Is one of them.
I wish that was the case here, but it's not so hey Doc in the audience is this is is this medicine that is worth considering?
I'm not going to tell anyone. No.
Some patients love it some don't now you can't use it for your job because which is a shame because I tell you what you got you dedicate like half an acre. I bet you're set for the year.
Well, I thought about that you have you thought about farming marijuana on your 10 acres.
Yeah, why not? It's good money in it, right?
That would be like tax breaks on my property. Right that would be have ultimate twist. That would be the ultimate twist. If you if by the end of this call, you're like, you know what I think I'm gonna go ahead and dedicate myself to becoming a marijuana cultivating Kingpin in my area of the world. That would be a real twist. No one's saw coming have a weed farm that I can't partake in.
Yeah the ultimate blue ball.
It's oh wonderful every morning when the wind wafted into my house. Yeah, dude. Something really wild just came up Priscilla is what you tweeted at me true.
So there's someone in the audience right now who's giving you an offer Priscilla is saying she has previous to today built someone a velociraptor wheelchair and you tweeted a picture. That's a picture of the wheelchair you built. Libras it was a volunteer job for magic wheelchair for kids that need costumes for their wheelchairs. So you you worked as a volunteer building costumes for kids who utilize Wheelchairs and you are willing if our caller wants it someday to build him a velociraptor wheelchair now if he still wants to go in the Mad Max direction, do you feel like that still matches your skill set?
Alright, what's this organization?
Magic wheelchair that sounds like a beautiful thing helping kids is that for for just in general to make them feel like more inclined or is it more of a Halloween thing? And power they wear it to do like a cosplays and you know different Comic Cons and Halloween stuff and then sometimes even just to school parades School parade for anybody listening School parades comic-con's Halloween just to feel empowered every once in a while. I realized the world is a cool place where sometimes you will help kids by building dinosaur wheelchairs. That's fucking awesome. Thank you for doing that. We got the Hook-Up for you here, sir.
Someone wants to know how big you are because Megan says she's picturing a Midwestern Hawk deflecting semi-trucks and Excavating Acres as a giant child like six foot three hundred pounds 6 fo pretty accurate.
And eating 9 cups of greens a day. I wonder yeah that I'm five seven and a wimpy 150. I wonder is this a thing that's come up having a mess. If it gets if it does degenerate further does being someone who is that sighs? Is that going to make it harder?
I mean, I don't know. I don't I try not to like really look into it all that much anymore.
When I first got diagnosed. I was looking into like all the You know groups and all that stuff, but it's just not for me. I don't I mean I went up to like a specially clinic. And the first time I went to it is like is like in a zombie movie cuz there's like nobody there. I was the only person in the waiting room except for the nurse is like the most bizarre thing.
NG and that's when you go like the psychologist there at the clinic because it's like one of the first things you have to do I guess is when you get diagnosed and I don't do well with my humor with medical professionals because they they don't have the sense of humor that I do because I was looking around I was talking to a psychiatrist and she's like, what are you looking for us so I'm looking for the European guys to jump out of the wall and throw a straitjacket on me.
They Europe.
Guys, what's up? But here's the thing the doctors probably scared. If you're telling your psychologist, like I'm waiting for a European man to jump out a long throw a straight jacket on and she doesn't know your he or she doesn't know you're joking and you're six foot three hundred pounds. They must be like, who is this angry Union member who I'm pissing off right now.
Hey, they gave me the green light. So that's cool.
I'll go far in the second time. I went I saw all these people in various stages of it. And that's kind of the that's why I'm not very oh, woe is me because when I was up there is people that can't they can't do anything on their own and I'm walking and talking and you know, I have my difficulties like I write like I'm three years. Old again because I can't feel my right hand. But you know, so that's it. That's pretty I'm doing pretty damn well, so that's why I never really got into the support groups because I don't know. I'm not a was me person ever have been so kind of I just take care of my own thing and do it. And I mean if that's what people need that's great. That's just not my style.
I just come out to my Purty and hang out and do stuff build things and keep busy and keep in mind off of it. And that's what I try to do.
Well, I hope I mean, I really applaud it and if you if you are able to do it yourself, I think that's commendable but I will just also go on record and say that if you're not really into doctors not really into medicine. I do just hope that you are are genuinely putting yourself in a place to keep an eye on everything as best as possible because you're such a likeable guy, and I don't want to I don't want to think about you hiding from that stuff in a way that people offer after wheelchair. I mean, that sounds pretty cool.
Maybe like only if the Velociraptor is like the old cartoon the Dino Riders remember the like the cool toys and they have like rockets and all that stuff on them.
Uh-huh after wheelchairs like that.
I'm all-in now if you if you someday this is going to go down and you're going to have a Raptor wheelchair and we're going to make sure it's outfitted for outdoor like road tripping and in your area local teens will begin to tell the story of the six foot three hundred pound half man half Velociraptor that zips around in the woods of the area.
I mean I'd be down for that would be kind of fun. I would love that. I would love to be her everything through the woods. I've often thought about how I would love to become some sort of urban legend. I've thought about making my Tombstone say be warned all ye who walk upon this grave shall be haunted by my ghost forever just to encourage local teens to break into my cemetery and fuck with my grave. I think that would be cool.
Yeah, there you go. I've just be like weird Philosoraptor thing creeping In and Out of the Woods.
Probably get hit by another semi probably not fare. So well that time though.
Can y'all you are I will say one of the darkest senses of humor in the history of this show in the history of show if you saw all God the image of you are victorious moment where you ride away in your Velociraptor wheelchair and on your way back to your land. Just hear what a dark awful thing to think about Sir kudos to you for that horriffic image.
Yeah, well, you know that front of the truck is going to be pretty messed up. I'm not a small guy. So so help in my final hurrah, I guess if I do go out that way at least I'll do some damage you ever heard like that old all those old Chuck Norris memes you're like one of those like this guy so badass that when a semi semi hits him the semis the one that gets fucked up.
I'm just the lucky. I mean it shifted that front of that truck. I was in 8 inches the whole frame of that truck moved eight inches to the driver side. Wow.
Dad's pretty cool that I survived. But then the not so cool part is is like the lawsuit versus that driver can I screwed up? Because if you ever have an autoimmune disease, everybody wants to Target that as the problem and not the fact that you did get hit by it.
So they tried to turn around and say you just found out you had Ms. That must be you were the bad driver.
They just determine that everything that I all issues I've had because why I never went to the hospital for the actual semi accident. Like I just went home. I said outside the road and my supervisors truck for like four hours while they did paperwork and then I said, I just want to go home. I refused the The ambulance could I just wanted to go home?
Cuz there are you so much Paul Bunyan. What is going on? You dug 18-foot calls when you are not it's not this sounds like a store a tall tale. He gets hit by trucks and walks home in the snow Diggs an 18-foot all tells the livestock. They got to wait a while. He's still got shit to do we are onyx thing as I was heading to a fire station to plow their driveway.
So the emergency vehicles could get out. Out as like a block and a half away when I get hit by the semi and the ambulance that showed up was the guys from that fire station and medic unit and I was busting their balls the whole time. So damn guys, I wouldn't have gotten hit if I wouldn't have been coming to save you.
So yeah, you should have been like what took so long then they have to be like our driveway has been plowed. Yes.
Yeah pretty much so you just went home you got If you get hit by a semi-truck, you don't even go to the hospital get checked out initially.
Well, they did like I mean I could feel my toes and stuff. So I thought I was I didn't want to be in a hospital bed. I wanted to be at home.
I don't want to comfort so I want to go to my own house. I don't want to sit in the ER for eight hours.
You mentioned you're from the Midwest, right?
Yeah for any of our International listeners, this is a very Midwestern guy just hard hard-working stock.
You're like a tall tale but you gotta go to the hospital when you get hit by a semi-truck. You got to take medicine when you have an autoimmune disease. No one can be this bad ass. It's not healthy, man.
No, I'm still walking. So it might not be healthy, but it's working for me I suppose.
I've never in my life dealt with adversity with even one tenth of your ability to just stay the course and keep moving forward. It's really quite impressed. We got about five minutes. I've what else should we talk about? Anything else you want to get on record?
I don't know. Damn that went fast.
Yeah, someone out here saying you deserve a badass dog companion. I think that means they're viewing you almost like a mythological figure who needs your own sidekick. Like they want you to effectively have your version of Babe the Blue Ox Well, I have a dog when she's just kind of a she's a pain in the ass.
She's too smart. She's smarter than me. So it doesn't help things and she figures out how to go through electrical fences and open doors and stuff your dog opens doors and defeats electrical fences.
Even your dog is better than this is all invisible fence The Invisible Fences that you put in the ground.
I put those into kind of keep her somewhat around the house because there's like a lot of coyotes here and one day I was like just out there picking weeds and stuff and she like sat in the yard looked at me looked at the fans looked at me and then just ran right through the fence.
So that $400 system amounted to nothing.
It lasted a month of her actually being contained by it.
And then after that done I would I can just I wouldn't even shock me if you were like you think I'm bad ass because I got hit by a semi my dog got hit by a train and was fucking fine. I wouldn't even be shocked if you said something like that.
Yeah, I don't know. She hasn't been hit by a train.
I mean I want to ask you what kind of dog you have and I hope you're about to be like, oh, it's a pug or a Labradoodle. I'm really hoping.
Nah, she's a German Shepherd bullmastiff mix.
She was supposed to be this giant hundred and twenty pound dog like massive, but she's only about 40 pounds. I don't know what happened, but she's pretty awesome.
So again, just keep building the Legend You're a 6-foot 300-pound guy used to dig 18-foot Halls when you were nine, you got hit by a semi-truck and went home without stopping at the hospital and you got a hundred and twenty pound dog who can defeat electric fences.
No, she's not a hundred and twenty pound so get in there though, right and only 40.
She's fully grown.
Either way man.
He's the runt of the litter and so she's good. She's smart. So it works out pretty sweet because I had issues where I fell like going outside and fell and like passed out from something and my dog just hangs out there. He's like everyone thinks she's a service dog because I like a tactical vest for but I have a patch on it says drastically fucked and people Yeah, they think it's all cute until they read that patch and then they realize this is not a service dog.
Ugh, I want to ask you something honest and you can be very honest in your answer. You're living on 10 acres. With your big dog and this kind of life that it's so it's just so interesting to me that you and I live in the same Country Born and Raised and we're living two totally different lives. When you see someone like me living in a city as big as New York in a one-bedroom apartment where they're 17 other people who live on my hallway and I take trains every day when I'm shoulder-to-shoulder with other human beings and if you listen to this podcast, you know, I sit and stress about Thing whereas you manage to handle massive life adversity with just a can-do spirit and you just buckle down and grit it out.
When you see City people like me living the way I'm living. What do you think about us?
Better you than me?
Short but sweet.
I just don't do well on the city. So that's why I'm not there.
Man, nobody's ever made me want to leave New York worthy, but I can't if it's okay. Do you know what I look like? Have you ever seen me?
Yeah, I have watched the Chris gethard show be honest. How deep days know I can how deep do you think I could dig a hole before I'd give up and complain about it.
You happy three and a half feet Round of Applause. He thought it was going to be less than that. Me too. Me too. I say 18 inches Max before I'm like, I'm depressed. I want to go lay down in bed.
Listen, we've got 30 seconds left. I just want to thank you. You've you've managed to get a bunch of big laughs via charm and Grace while also telling us about a ton of really difficult stuff that no one would ever wish upon you and I want to thank you for being so honest and for sharing and for I think inspiring a lot of people hearing this to keep fighting and moving forward in the face of their challenges.
We're not on whole.
Thank you Chris. I appreciate your podcast. It's a good kind of it's a good.
Like I said, I don't know maybe 20 people know about my a mess at know me personally. So, this is kind of a cool thing to get off my chest and just let it go provide happy to provide.
Thank you so much really means a lot sending you my best stay healthy. Please take care of yourself and stay healthy call her. Thank you so much calling in taking a chance on do. It at a live show and letting us know about all the different things you've dealt with your story is clearly one of resilience.
And I think a lot of people are going to take a lot away from that Thanks for opening up. Thanks everybody who came out and attend it live in San Francisco. Hey, if you want to attend a beautiful Anonymous life, why not just bite the bullet beautiful cotton on. Amazon. Com Brooklyn New York and make beautiful. Come on Thomas.
A former teen mom found happiness after a car wreck by becoming a Lyft driver. She also reveals a surprising connection to Chris.
Hello, everybody before we get into today's episode. I wanted to let you know that later this week. We're releasing an episode from the stitcher premium bonus series that we do once a year beautiful follow-ups. It's coming to your free in this feet. It's the show where we follow up and check in with some of the show's most memorable collars.
You're going to hear the follow-up to prison Mound number 121 episode 1 to 1 15 months into our callers prison stint as an enlightening conversation. I hope you learn something from it. I know I did so look for that in your feet.
Hello to all my Gatorland Fang.
It's beautiful.
Anonymous one hour one phone call. No names No Holds Barred.
Welcome you to another episode of beautiful Anonymous. So excited just got off the phone with today's collar and I'm excited to hear it. It's a cool one before I get into that. I want to say thank you to everybody who's buying the passes for beautiful Economist. Everyone organizing. It has been amazed at how many people are buying the full Festival passes and I'm telling people I'm liking this I've heard from people with flying from Portugal to come to the dry hair from someone coming from Australia there. Get a full passes.
This is like the crazy thing we're doing and the reason I bring it up again is specifically Tim from culture Clash records the guy who bought a record store after calling the show. He's building a cool thing. He as we all know very smart hip music driven guy. He's doing the thing where you can order music from his store and help bring it to the con and you can pick it up there which I think is such a cool idea. So it's a great way to get some cool stuff in your life and I And also support a past call anyway.
This this call has a crazy reveal two-thirds of the way through it talks so much. It's kind of just a nice classic call callers a Lyft driver call her you will see who she's in a car with currently and that's quite Charming. We talk about philosophy and tapping into the hippie Seidel life when you're in your 30s and all sorts of cool things that that I'm sitting here right now.
Having just hung up the phone feeling like man. This call just makes me remember why you get out of bed and you work so hard and yet and yet and you just try to accomplish things and and and how to keep a head on your shoulders and it's really cool. And then you're going to hear again 2/3 of the way about she reveals something that anybody who is at our live show in Woodstock few months back you your jaw is gonna drop so I loved it. I hope you love it to call her.
Thanks for your positivity and your philosophy.
Thank you for calling beautiful Anonymous a beeping noise will indicate when you are on the show with the host.
East hello, it's the same Chris gethard less famous than a couple years ago, but still famous.
Fuck that occasionally people modest. Oh, no, it's low self-esteem. It's not modesty.
My no. I know I hear you all the time. It's so funny. But I just I see it as modesty. We definitely I think all of your listeners all of your fans, we definitely think you're a lot cooler than you do.
That's super nice and it It does mean a lot but I don't feel cool. I feel like I'm I know stumbling through my day-to-day existence and somehow not totally falling down.
Yeah, that's most of us, press pretty normal.
It's The Human Condition, right?
Exactly exactly. How are you doing? So great to hear your voice like what's right. I um, I'm having a pretty chill day. I'm a Lyft driver, but I took the day off to help a friend out. So I'm just riding around with him. Let him drive around.
Yeah, you gotta let somebody else drive. That's right.
Nice. If you're a driver you have the day off.
I'm shocked you would go back into a car.
I mean you got to do what you got to do where we live. We need the we need to get in the car to get where we're going.
So but we are you you said you're just driving around with your friend.
Well, he's running errands. He's got his car in the shop. So he's doing a bunch of different things. I'm literally just riding shotgun letting him take me wherever he needs to go.
God bless.
Ya, you know, my car is my car is my moneymaker. So I'm not a hundred percent comfortable with just letting him like take it. You know, I definitely wanted to be here you're making okay, you're keeping an eye on things that was gonna say this is like going into the office on your day off just to hang out with your coworker, right?
No way. You keeping an eye on them on the moneymaker.
I get it now exactly. Give me a little more sense of peace. I would be a lot more anxious. I think if I was sitting at home thinking about thinking about what you cut out a little bit.
Oh, sorry thinking about what he's doing with my car, you know if I was home. I just be more anxious about it.
Now. Is he sitting next to you hearing you? Say how nervous he makes you?
Yeah, he is. He's smiling. He knows he knows he's he's a wild guy. He's actually my ex. This is like the love of my life right here. We're just not compatible. So we decided to be friends now.
We are you are you talking to me through your phone or is this like on your car system where he can hear my side of things too?
Oh, no. I actually put the headset on just to be courteous to him. I mean, he said he doesn't mind but I was like, let me just put the headset on you know, so he's the love of your life.
Yeah, I love them a lot and you'll say that right next to him. Yeah, of course, he knows how I feel and why aren't you two together?
Then let them borrow your car to run errands. Now, it makes sense why you're hanging out in that car on your day off.
No, I think like we were just speaking a minute ago, you know, we all have our insecurities and I've got mine and he's got his and sometimes it's just Not a good mix, you know, so I still keep them around though. I'm happy. He's still in my life. That's for sure.
Do you think there's any chance that as you both grow older and mature and some of those insecurities start to die down that maybe the level rekindle because that's what happened to me. I didn't find love until a lot of the insecurity sort of stop being so prominent in my mind.
Really cause I thought you met like your wife and that was that well, I guess I don't know that story too.
Well, I mean I didn't get married until I was 34 though. So it was very quick up my wife and I only dated nine months before we got engaged and it was like a beautiful overwhelming Whirlwind romance. That being said there were 34 years of Prior experience where I felt completely confused and at times on Appreciated and putting up with it because I didn't like myself and dating around to see what would stick and just all the head spinning stuff and then I went and got my head together met my wife and I worked out. So what do you think? Let's answer the question. Let's not make it about me. That was an Artful Dodge.
You think you're gonna get older and maybe you and this guy he think you in this guy lever rekindled his flame or those days done.
I don't know. I would definitely love to see that happen right would not be a great story to tell but I don't know. I don't know. I try not to think about it too much. Honestly, I could just live in the moment except but I've got be grateful.
That's a good perspective. Oh, yeah, they are. I thought I lost you for a second and quiet.
It's just contemplating what you said.
Yeah. Yeah, I don't know. I I've been doing a lot of meditation lately. I've made some new friends that are going to some really interesting things about, you know, manifestation and attracting abundance into your life and its really helping me to stay focus on just being grateful and not you know, setting unrealistic expectations and setting myself up for disappointment and self-sabotaging around trying to leave all that behind all of it.
So you're hanging out with hippies now. Helping to I really am like hippies is the word like this girl took me to a drum circle.
And that was like I couldn't believe it. We were dancing around a fire in a circle of drummers. That was so cool. And then she took me to a concert where we did something called kirtan I guess is what is called like the guy saying song and he does these chance throughout the song and then as the audience you Can't with him like you we all start singing together. It was so hippie. But you know what? I really enjoyed it. It was really great. It felt so good.
Now that sounds like the Ayahuasca thing that weird map.
Right away. This is a woman who has done that before this is she only did it once he's a very enlightened person. But yeah, that was something that I asked her. I thought this is a kind of cliche but I'm thinking maybe you've had some experience with Ayahuasca and she was like, oh, yeah, I've done that so it wasn't too surprising.
Wow. See you drive around and lift all day. You got the love of your life Isaac Chasm there and you're going on some spiritual Journeys to figure out who you are.
Yeah, like you said maybe maybe that's what it's going to take. You know, you never know. So I'm just doing my part, you know trying to just focus on the things that are good for me and do my part to grow see where it takes me whether it's with him or somebody else. I don't really mind from your for the journey.
I once took a lift home and the driver was quite nice and she and I were chatting the whole damn the best Lyft driver. I'm the best Lyft driver out I want Combat that I want to talk about that and what it what makes you that but I will tell you that she and I were chatting because I'm pretty shy in real life. But when I lift driver wants to talk, I'm always down. I'm always down. It's one of the things I like about a Rideshare service and at the very end as we pulled onto my block she turned around headed me her business card and said, hey you seem like a person who would be really well served by Ayahuasca. I'm involved with a shaman in.
The Hudson Valley and if you'd ever like to come up to the Catskills and do Ayahuasca, we'd love to have you and I said I said, you know, I very politely simple thank you for the card and I'll be in touch if that ever is something I'm interested in and went home put the card on my desk and promptly remembered that I've always been terrified of hallucinogens with my particular right brain chemistry. And yes whatnot and whatnot.
No, I definitely think. Everybody's journey is unique and it's not for everybody. Definitely.
Yeah. Now what makes you the best Lyft driver ever you got mints in the back.
What makes me now? I'm not one of those but I do keep the car clean. I keep it smelling really good. I use essential oils more hippie stuff, right? And and I just I have really good conversation. I love chatting with people. So if the rider wants to talk, I'm really great at facilitating a connection quickly and just making it a really A great experience for them. I mean I've had some really great conversations and you know, I daresay influence people, you know, and that's awesome. It's such a good feeling when you can just connect with strangers to that extent.
It's really great any examples jump out that you're very proud of Well, so a couple weeks ago.
I had a young lady in the car and her early twenties and she was very shy but she went ahead and stopped in the front. I have a strange car and people don't always know how to get in the back seat. I think that's what prompted her to sit in the front, but I think it was meant to be right. So once she saw in the front, we kind of just started chit-chatting and you know the usual Small Talk of her so what do you do and where we headed and she was going to an interview and she was telling me that she's like a caregiver, but she's She's very young and she's wanting to try other things and you know try to get a schedule. That's a little more set right caregiving is a very intense role that requires a lot of dedication and often, you know over time really if somebody doesn't show up for a shift or you know, if they need additional Assistance or particular week, right? That's something that she was kind of explaining they'll call her all the time. And so she kind of felt a little bit like a slave to the job and this is what it sounded like so she was going for an interview.
Got a grocery store, you know just something simple, but I was really excited for her. I'm like, you know good for you for trying something new and anyways, a conversation like develop to the point where we were talking about, you know feminism and what it's like to be a woman and just relationships with her mom and I have a daughter myself and I was sharing with her about the types of conversations I have with her and how we get through difficult conversations about, you know, sexuality and relationships and manage to sit.
Took a turn and it was really great. I think she left the car feeling really good for That interview. And and like I said, we just we really connected on some genuine real life bangs and it was pretty awesome. Now.
Do you ever contemplate saying hey you and I seem like we could be friends if you ever want to hang out or is that against the code?
Okay, so I have a story about that too. So I once had a gentleman in the car and I liked him right like I had like a crush on this guy. We were just chatting and I was like man this guy is so cool. And I remember in that moment contemplating exactly what you're talking about. Right? Like how do I make this a personal interaction when it's so clearly a professional setting, you know, like I'm taking this guy home.
To write that's very like I don't want to make him uncomfortable right? You think I definitely want to do a good job.
And let's reiterate you are you are currently sitting next to the love of your life as you tell this story.
Oh, yes. Okay. He has other girlfriends to it's okay. We're not together. We're not I know I'm just hoping that I just want to underline it.
So four seats. Yeah, he's here. You got this. You got this hot enticing guy in the car. You're starting to think. Hey, we're gonna I can park the car in the driveway like them.
Yes. I'm like, I want to see you again. Right and so I get to his house and I at that moment. Like I just I decide you know what I got. I got to be professional right? I like to do a good job and I choose to just let him get out, you know, really great meeting you, you know, and and just again be grateful, right? No expectations. Just so glad I had a good conversation and I met a great person.
I'm going to move on with my life, right? Afterwards I went home and I completely regret it. I was like man, I really liked him. I should have given him my number. You know, right? I'm thinking about it. I'm like that wasn't the right move. I should have just taken a chance. And so the story develops, right? So on a totally different day in a totally different place.
I meet him again. I pick up him and his daughter from a Walmart. They're doing like some grocery shopping except I don't realize until the end of the ride that like, this is the same guy like again, we're chatting and we're hitting it off. It's daytime now, he's dressed differently, right the first time I saw him he was like in work attire and now he looks different and you know, I'm like man this guy so cool and I'm just like, how can this be happening? Like, we're all these awesome people coming from anyways, I end up dropping him off at his house and I'm telling him.
Hey, man, I think I've been here before. You know, I think I dropped off this other guy and he's a really great guy and and I said his name I said, I think his name was such and such and he was Well, that's my name and I look at him and I'm like, okay. Well, maybe that wasn't him right because we're not remembering each other in this moment. Like I'm like, it's not you.
Anyways, I pull out of his neighborhood and I just have like a moment where I make a turn and it's like bam it flushes back and I'm like I have been here that was his house. Like this is the same guy and I'm like dang it. You know how how crazy that the Universe set this in front of me again, and once again, I just completely mess it up.
Right, like I dropped the ball didn't say anything totally should have and and that was that you know, and again I had to accept it move on. So then last night you're not going to believe it but last night I met this guy again and I picked them up right by his job at the first place that I had ever met him and he recognized me this time and I recognized him and I was like, I'm going to go for it this time. So I drive him home. We're having a great conversation again, of course, and we get to it wasn't a salsa Simon.
I was dropping them off and I turn around and I said look, I don't want to make you uncomfortable. But I really think you're great and I would love for you to have my phone number and and he was totally with it. I mean we exchanged numbers and you know gave me a little hug and I'm like, this is great. I'm going to see this guy again. So I finally made it happen.
Good Anya happen look feels like it's meant to be looks a little bit Yeah, I think one man three times I drive I've done over 300 ride so far doing this liftop and I've not seen a single person more than once except for him. So I thought that was that was a sign, you know, you got to act on stuff like that you do you got to just go for it.
But now I finally did now when you get married to this guy someday, that's an incredibly cute story to be told that the ceremony sorry as the love of your life who's sitting next to you stands as your best man right Right, he's laughing.
Oh man, he's helping the cameraman home man. They horrible pictures that I liked it.
That's true. So wholesome I think it was so awesome. I feel like there's I feel like there is I've caught wind of I think there are people who have I think that Lyft driver fantasies are thing lately. I think there is a genre of eroticism that surrounds that are you aware of this?
I mean, I'm not aware of it, but I can totally see why I've definitely get that. It's almost like fantasies about New York, right like those like little happenstance possibilities those stories that you hear about people meeting in New York and this crazy bustling City and I don't know I think it's always a little bit of a fantasy to be able to fall in love with a stranger or have that kind of connection really quickly and kind of lust after somebody that you not supposed to necessarily or that you didn't expect to maybe you know.
So now I'm going to ask a question that I feel like you've probably heard a million times and it's probably the most annoying question about being a Lyft driver in your particular case.
Do you know what it is? Okay, no, tell me.
What's the question gonna be? Are you all making your guesses? What a bad Cliffhanger. What's the question going to be? Anyway, we'll see in just a few moments acting this way.
There's no one-size-fits-all way to meet your goals. You'll want to sustainable way to make a lasting change. Try talk space. I think talk space is totally on target with that phrase. There's not a one-size-fits-all way to meet your goals mental health very very important to take care of it. It's becoming less stigmatized over the years. I am so excited about that. I have talked very publicly and I'm extraordinarily proud of that and to see that there are modern Services offering a way to met help with your To Health in a modern way what a beautiful thing talk space is the most convenient and affordable way to get the support of a licensed therapist match with one of over 5,000 therapist based on your preferences from the privacy of your device then start messaging with your therapist the very same day via text audio picture or video.
It's like a personal trainer for your life and you never need to go to an office or schedule appointments and you'll have the dedicated support system. You need to achieve your goals one step at a time. I'm start 2020 off strong with talk space. It's the support you need to help achieve your goals at a price you can afford and you can get $100 off your first month when you use code beautiful to sign up. Don't wait for another year to go by no matter what 2019 was like set yourself up for success in 2020 match with your perfect therapist today at talk space. Com or download the mobile app, and don't forget to use code beautiful for $100 off your first month that stock space. Com promo code beautiful.
Break over call commences. Let's go.
I'm going to ask a question that I feel like you've probably heard a million times and it's probably the most annoying question about being a Lyft driver in your particular case. Do you know what it is?
Okay, no, tell me.
As female and Society, do you always feel comfortable and safe picking up random people especially random men.
I personally do but I'm kind of a brave person in general. I've definitely had some shady characters in my car people that I'm like pretty sure had like drugs on them and things of the nature but I do my best to pick ours that are going to be comfortable for me right so I don't work. Late hours. I usually stop working at around 10:00, maybe 11:00 at the latest and I I actually live in a really touristy City. So I tend to focus on the touristy areas which keeps me safe as well dealing with a lot of families and couples but I've never had a bad situation. Not not yet, you know knock on wood, right? So he is good. It's actually been a really fun job.
I actually really enjoy it because I feel like you got the fear there like you're gonna pick up some drunk. It's going to bring out the worst in the person and then you're going to have to drop him off and it's going to be some kind of there's going to be tension T. That's the nightmare but I feel bad because I feel I'm so I do I do everything I can to avoid that scenario.
I do not go downtown in my city. I don't go out. Like I said pass a certain hour. I avoid people that are drinking as much as possible just to try to be safe. But you know, I'll be honest with you like being a woman doing list to me that the risk is Much the same as being a woman working anywhere. Yeah, I personally don't feel like there's an added risk. I think there's a perception that there might be because it's like a personal space but I'll be honest. I've had worse situations working in very public places with plenty of employees.
So CI because I almost wonder if it's sexist of me that even asked to assume that a woman can't protect themself or can't strategize in a way that yeah. Thanks grammars.
It's a little bit of a a presumptuous thing, but I understand why you do it's not something that I didn't think about as well. Right? I I definitely had to consider that when I made the decision since take on the job. I know my parents were really worried, right? My mom was like doober eats instead bring people food and I'm like Mom I'm not doing that. You know, I'm like, I'm a people person. I want to I want to do this. This is it so, you know, I definitely understand. Why would I That question it's definitely I think of Pretty Natural thought to have but definitely as a woman, I think the reality is like we're pretty much at risk all the time anywhere and just something you learn to live with.
It sucks. That sucks. Yeah, it does it does it's not always fun. That's the kind of stuff that I had that conversation with that one writer about you know, and it's just interesting. It's very interesting that that's the thing that we deal with but you know, everybody's got their stuff right so I'm definitely big and soul.
Like the isms and understanding intersectionality and all those things, but I also try to be conscious that every single individual has their battle and has advantages and disadvantages and people are going to make their assumptions and judgments be on you for a whole array of different reasons, and it's never easy never easy.
That's what this show is taught me. I feel like you get to meet people one by one in the same way. I do only through different medium. Mine. The phone's yours the open road.
Yes, well, I think you're lucky that it's the phone because I almost think that people are even more willing to be vulnerable when they don't have to look you in the face.
You know, I've had some vulnerable conversations with some Lyft drivers. I really have but I also I mean I'm a good I'm a notoriously emo open book, but I feel like I've definitely had some nights where I've been a little down or a little and where I'm going, you know, because especially sometimes pee sometimes Lyft drivers will ask you what you do as an icebreaker when I go I'm a comedian and then we get into all the career stuff and and my career has gone well, and I don't everybody likes everybody is this fantasy that being a comedian is such a hard life and know what's not there just you know, there's people there's people working in like dangerous Factory. Shins where their unions are being suppressed. Like there's you know coal miners who in the 70s were getting shot at because they tried to strike for healthcare like that's competing comedians easy, but people try to you know start to you had a bad night. You've had some bad shows.
The money's not coming in is I start to open up to a Lyft driver because I know that I get to walk away.
Yeah, exactly. It's definitely very it's got an element of anonymity just like your show does for sure.
And now what's your nightmare? Is it someone who seems like they might throw up in the car. Is it someone who starts crying is it people who start hooking up in the back? What do we what are the things that that really get? Like get your red flags up?
So one thing that has happened to me that makes me incredibly anxious. There are people who want to bring children into the car without car seats. No, not really awkward situation. Yeah, that's really really bad. Right because like that's my nightmare right is that there's a kid in my car. We have some horrible accident this child dies. And now I'm going to prison for manslaughter, right? Like that's my nightmare which I guess is weirder than maybe other people's lists nightmares, but that's something that I've like imagined in my mind that I would just be horrified.
I would be devastated if something like that happened. So that's one situation that is usually like the most uncomfortable for me is having to consider like what do I say? And how do we handle this? Because there are people that are just like they don't get it. They do not get it.
And now if you tell a person I'm sorry. I can't take this ride and then you cancel it. Can they give you one star and then you have to deal with the repercussions of that?
Honestly, I don't know if they can it's never happened that I've got five stars. I'm telling you. I'm a great driver the bride hundred percent acceptance. I've never declined to ride before I always get to people even if they got the baby now, even if they got the baby, I don't do it that that like so once it was like an infant I said, I did have to like cancel that one.
But your acceptance rate actually recycled after every hundred rides. So I'm back in the back in the shy and then you know Winning Zone doing the right thing.
I was shocked when I had my kid all these because I don't I mean I grew up in the 80s when like the car seat, you know, nobody cares optional, you know, like my yeah, my wife has a funny story that her dad taught her how to wear the seatbelt without the shoulder straps. So it would be less annoying when she was a child. Like that's how we did it back then so we did it back then but now I have the base to my car seat.
Eat you got to check everything you got to register everything. I went to I had to drive out too long. I didn't have to but I drove out to Long Island because I found a fire department that will check if you've installed all the components of the car seat correctly making sure everything's as level as it should be very important.
It is it is I don't think people realize how dangerous it is to actually being a car lose their lives in that situation all the time. So that's why I'm here supervising my ex to make sure he doesn't kill himself in my car.
Very nice. And so you get 2 so you get to rub elbows with this magical human being you feel this deep connection to Yeah, I just like rubbed his shoulder while I said that to it's funny.
It's rude to our good here.
You two are gonna get back together. Come on, the guy the Rideshare die. He'll be the best man as you marry the guy next to you.
Maybe maybe I don't know. I met this guy when he was like 17 years old. I'm 32 years old now, so it's been quite a while. And yeah, I don't know. I think if we were going to be together we would have by now right? Well, thanks. He started laughing.
Like I don't know what if by the end story to tell we got 35 minutes of what if by the end of this call you guys have like a romantic kiss because you've realized through the guidance of this call that when things are meant to be there meant we could have no I think we can have a romantic kiss and we'd still walk away a lot of baggage.
We've been since we've been together a long time. We've been through a lot of things there was times when I didn't really choose him when he didn't really choose me. I mean it's complicated so So those those are hard to forget moments he family. Yes family forever, you know and my daughter my dogs like him, right? I mean she basically grew up so she was like six years old with him. So, you know, I don't imagine that he'll never not be a part of my life. But I also try not to think about whether or not we're going to be together because it just stresses me out.
I love it. I love that you're willing to let your guard down both to me and with him present.
It's really incredible.
What's the farthest trip you've ever taken because I once took a Rideshare from New York City to Washington DC.
Oh, I'm in Florida and I drove to Gainesville, which from where I was was about two hours. Probably the longest trip I've ever taken great town by the way Gainesville great town.
College town.
Yeah, really neat that.
I would sit down and every Halloween weekend. They have Fest there. That's the big Punk Fest in the country and man. Is it something totally you're saying?
Yeah. That's awesome.
It's a good time. It's all sorts of music venues real close together. They have a comedy stage, but I've been there even when it's not during Fest and it's just it's just like a nice town full of laid-back artsy people.
Exactly. Exactly. I think Florida has a bad reputation for housing all the crazies. But we've got a lot of creatives here to it's it's a great place.
Well, I've heard these I heard that the whole Florida man thing which you know, if you're not familiar, there's this idea on the internet of there's so many news articles that start with the words Florida man and then are followed up with something completely insane, but I've heard that a part of that is actually because Florida has Very open laws about their press being able to distribute freely, which I think is actually a good quality. So something some of that is actually that stuff happening everywhere, but there's limitations on the freedom of the press.
Yeah that good Barry.
I like it.
That being said, I've also I'm a huge fan of Gatorland in Orlando. Oh my God, which is is one of the most insane environments I've ever seen.
Well, I mean, I'll go ahead and tell you like that's where I live. I live in Orlando. It's a pretty big thing. I'm not too worried about, you know being found out here. But yeah, I used to take field trips to Gatorland at school, you know all the time.
Yeah now I probably should wear one. Oh go for it.
You remember once now I need to hear the story.
Oh, no, it's just goodbye. You little stupid story about Gators. I remember, you know Gators are like Dave sit still like most of the time right, but they also move really fast. So We're standing in like this Tower as in the middle of like the gator Lake and Gatorland and I'm up like three stories high and there's like a pine cone on the floor and I just decided I'm just going to kick it into the water.
Let's see what happened. And oh my God, it was the scariest thing I've ever seen those gators move so fast and there's so many of them because Gatorland and there's just so many and yeah, I was pretty wild forget a shark attack man. Gators are really weird. They are really weird now.
Here's my A gator and story is about a month ago, and I shouldn't reveal this but so I've been telling a joke about Gatorland on stage for years. And anybody who's listening if you see me do stand-up on the road. I think it's my best joke. It's the one that people generally like the most I have this long story in three parts. It's kind of become a sprawling epic all about Gatorland and I'm filming a new special and I'm self-funding it trying to do it in a cool DIY way. I don't know what's going to come out well, but we filmed the whole tour in a bunch of different.
Current city, so we have this footage of me telling this Gatorland story all over the country. And yeah, I contacted Gatorland because they had heard about it over the years. They had heard I was doing this joke and they reached out and they were very nice about I was scared. They're going to be funded and I asked them if I could come film The Joke at Gatorland and not only did this not only did they say, yes, they let me hang out there all day.
They let me flight. They let me feed the Gators, you know where they do that. Where they like hang the chickens over they let me put on a cup put on a glove no training no background in animal handling and I was dangling and they said that the gator jumped they've never seen the gator jump higher for someone not trained.
There were workers there who said they've never gotten Gators to jump that far out of the water. I saw footage of it and then this is the total spoiler. So if your listener and you don't want to hear Eller the end of my special they actually have this like small almost like beach on their Lake and they built a backdrop that looked like a stand-up club and they let me do my act for an audience that consisted of no humans and 30 giant alligators 12 to 15 feet long and I was doing stand-up terrifying they were when I say that there was no barrier.
Between me and them the the I believe it the guy from Gatorland took a stick and drew a line in the dirt. And he goes look if any Gator gets over that line, I'll jump in and you get out of here. That was our level of safety. That was our safety discussion. Just you run and I'll take on the Gators and halfway through the set a bunch of vultures started landing and trying to take the Gators me and then the Gators got mad and I'm sitting here trying to do crowd work to Gators and it's wild and I don't know. I mean I can't I couldn't afford to do I wish I had the money to do it on a super pro level. So it's very gritty. I don't know if anybody's gonna buy it, but if not, I'm just gonna do self distribute it and pray that I can make back a portion of what I put into it. But Gatorland rules Orlando in general what a weird place because a very modern City and Disney World, obviously so many Innovations and and whatnot. But also it hangs onto a lot of its old-school rough around the edges.
Weirdness as well.
Oh for sure Gatorland has it. There's some parts of the city that just like seems to never grow.
There is there used to be that thing Xanadu House of the future that it's gone now, but it was it was not it was by the time it close. It was far from the house of the future. Like they it was a fun. It was weird and what else they have don't have the Tupperware museum near Orlando.
Yeah, they got the Tupperware place here.
Yo and then one of my favorite places in the world. It's a it's not in Orlando to be fair. It's like an hour drive. You ever been to the Weeki Wachee mermaid Park?
Of course Wiki watch these amazing. So I love kayaking so I actually really enjoy going to the springs.
Now, you got to explain to people there mermaid, you gotta explain to people. He's mermaids you mentioned you explain because I've been talking too much.
I mean, what is there to explain there is there's women and they are they are mermaid they put on a show for you underwater diving and they they live under the water basically for you yesterday like these tubes. Yes. That's the most important.
They put on this show, but it's not a show you're watching people swim and come up for air so they have dug under the water.
Yes.
They have somehow dug about 30 feet deep next to a natural spring and placed a large piece of glass that retains the water and they have these hoses that go very deep in the water. So the Ladies down there the mermaids they never go up to the surface to breathe.
They swim up to answer hoses.
They suck oxygen out of a hoses and they stay under the water for like an hour at a time ever.
Yeah, it's wild it is and you know, I have so many questions about it because like I can't see underwater. So I don't even understand like how do they know where to go to the hose? Right? Because the hoses are essentially transparent, right? So make the to make it more realistic right for the tourists and the kids and everything. So I'm like how does this work? I don't understand at all how these women do what they do and keep their eyes open and Look for houses that you can see underwater.
It's really weird.
I love it. I went with my wife it meant a lot to her because she was a she was a professional mermaid in New York for a little while. It's a whole other ball of wax. But my wife is I think you guys have picked up on it listening. My wife is the coolest person in the history of the world. She was a mermaid for what so for her she went there and it was like Shangri-La.
I like that. We just had that little tangent because Florida gets a bad rap. It's a weird place and it has it's rough. Rough edges and that's not a lie, but it also had I mean it has the Coral Castle down near Miami. It has just like a lot of cool odd stuff. The Robert Is Here Fruit stand next to the Everglades like a lot of like really Grassroots non-corporate stuff. That's what it is.
It's got the most corporate stuff because of all the theme parks and The Branding and then almost in response to that. It feels like it really hangs onto its balance it out. Yes. It's the absolute. It of corporate like real Live Free or Die don't tread on me style stuff as well. That's cool.
And it's and it's more my favorite part about living in Florida. I like the naturey stuff. Definitely. I don't go to Disney very often at all. It's funny because I'm doing lift and people are like, yeah, what do you suggest and I'm like, I have no idea man. You've good luck, you know, so in that place, but I definitely love the nature aspects of being in Florida and seeing all the beaches and all the springs and the Everglades and just all of that good stuff.
That's not lie. Now I get how you're making money is a Lyft driver though because I would have to imagine like you said, We gotta get you from Universal back to the hotel and then there's somebody always at that hotel looking to go to Epcot and then you picking some are you allowed to pick up people at the parks?
Do they have like areas?
Yeah, they have they have Q's, right so you can sit in a Zone and wait for a ride Park. They're so busy that you don't have to I usually just drive nearby and I'm already getting rides to the park. So the hotels at the park I take people to the park and pick them up from the park at night. That's usually what I do.
I work in the morning for a couple hours and then I go out at night again, you plan it or out of it you bad and it around the family transport times.
Smart, right. So like lift is a really great app and they give you tons of data. And so that's definitely one of the things that I was really excited about. I was like man, I can analyze my own data and make this job as efficient as possible. So I'm a lot smarter than I should be to be driving lift, which I was I'm sure true for many with drivers.
But yeah, it's been to my advantage. I don't work too hard and I make enough money to pay the bills. It's been it's been pretty good and then you try to get out there.
And see more nature get to do some of the stuff you love cooking but they Freedom what are you doing for insurance though? Lift doesn't give drivers insurance or anything, right?
Now, so right now I'm really lucky I make enough money to pay the bills, but I still don't make a ton of money and I'm so I qualify for Medicaid because I'm a mom. So I have State Insurance me and my daughter which is not going to be lasting much longer. She'll be 18 in December. So then we're kind of going to have to switch and figure out what's going to happen then but up until now I honestly I do count on state benefits to kind of supplement this entrepreneurship lifestyle, but I'm not someone who needs a lot to be happy again. I'm weaning into that.
Hippie kind of Lifestyle. So for me, it's a good trade-off. I think I'd rather do this and figure out my own medical stuff then have to work at it like a corporate office from 9:00 to 5:00 all week and deal with that whole lifestyle of not being able to do the things that I love and just have like sanity and peace of mind.
This is way better. This is way better. I even think I'm healthier doing this right like I think I need my health insurance less because I can take better care of myself because I work these kinds of hours and do these kinds of things I am with you.
I'll tell you exactly think very hard about the world and I'm really becoming convinced that you know for decades. It's been been the dream is like get famous get big in your field and especially social media and get the most followers and I feel like moving forward. There's gonna be a real movement of people who go actually I think the goal and I feel myself craving this more and more. So maybe I'm just Ejecting, but maybe the goal is actually find a way to simplify your life.
Yeah, find a way to live. Yes.
Yes. Yes, I happy and small life.
That's not about how many eyes can I get on me? How much of my privacy can I give away but rather about how can I carve out a space that feels intimate and safe and relaxed where I have some breathing room to Define it for myself. I feel like that's that's gonna be I even feel like as an Entertainer.
I feel like there's going to be less National touring acts and comedy and more like I'm trying to become. The King of New Jersey because that's that's my home.
Can I be great.
Can I can I just focus it on Jersey and then the East Coast like and the East Coast cities already shown me love. Can I just can I make my my whole world focused on just a small region? I feel like that's I don't know now. Did you say your daughter's almost of my team? Yeah, I'm with you.
Yeah, so I'm Go ahead. Sorry. We're like birds in here.
No, I know I know but you were finishing the thought and I tried to flip it too soon. But I feel like for a punk guy. We're not supposed to like hippies. But I feel like that is the hippie side of things. I like that Zen make its way into it.
I take it. I'm glad you're into it. I definitely recommend it. I was forced into this life, but it's been the greatest gift that's ever happened to me. Definitely first.
Yeah, i--'cause I also had all those Ambitions. So I had my daughter we can talk about that. Right? So she's going to be 18. I'm only 32 I had her when I was 15 years old and I you know, I got I'm Puerto Rican. It was very stereotypical everybody kind of lowered their expectations of Me. No just going to pop out babies and that's my life. But I've always been incredibly smart. I'm an Avid Reader and I'm very intellectual and I've just I've been kind of keeping my whole life so I have this, baby.
And I was like, well, I'm still going to school I graduated high school with honors went on to get my bachelor's degree in Psychology. And I had a lot of goals, right and I thought you know, I've made it this far I've overcome things that other people pretty much give up on and and you know, why wouldn't I make it right? I'm a success already just by having overcome certain things is the way I'm thinking about it.
And so I graduate from college and like what 20 11 ish and my Daughter is already, you know starting school. And so instead of kind of continuing my education getting my degree to become a therapist. I go off into the Working World and try to make the best of what I can and again, I'm thinking I'm super smart Everybody Loves Me. This is going to be great and it just wasn't that I haven't been able to keep a job for probably I think the longest job I've kept with maybe two years.
It's just been changing Industries changing different things. I'm also the Book person that has prioritized happiness for the most part. So I've also quit a lot of jobs just because I wasn't happy. So it's you know, it's a little bit of both of being rejected but also of knowing that it's not the right thing for me and having to try something else and start over and so that's why I say I was forced into this because I really did have a lot of ambition and I even learned how to code a couple of years ago. I thought okay. I'll try web development right? I'm I'm super smart. I can do anything and it's just It's not that easy.
It's so much about likeability and networking and being someone that people kind of see themselves in and I don't think I'm that for a lot of people. I think I'm kind of two unique and I don't really reflect other people's I don't know perceptions of themselves and even when people like me in a professional setting it doesn't seem like it's ever really like the perfect fit for them. There's someone else that they like more so I've been on so many interviews and gotten so close to dream.
Jobs, and then I'm just like son backing and out the door. So that's how I ended up thinking about things differently though, right and kind of thinking. Okay. Well, I've got a lower my expenses. I can't even keep a job. And what do I do? And how do I manage this new life? And you know, my car was totaled that's actually how I became a Lyft driver to I had to get a new car and I'm like, alright, well use it to try lift, and I don't know so things kind of pushed me in this direction. But again for me, it's been a blessing.
Blessing it's been the greatest thing ever. I think I'm happier and more at peace than I've ever been in my entire life.
That's what makes me love doing this show. When you remember that regular everyday people have these philosophies and feelings that wake you up.
I feel like I just drank a cup of coffee here that we'll be right back.
If you're getting eight hours a night, which you should that means a third of your life is spent in sheets. So you need these bad boys to be comfortable home of the internet's favorite sheets. Brooklyn's got over 50,000 plus five star reviews and Counting and they have moved beyond the bedroom. And now offer Essentials for your bathroom.
Ultra-soft loungewear makes you feel like you never left bed because of heard me for years. I have been sleeping on Brooklyn and sheets. I really love him. Also, I just got myself some Brooklyn and towels and these things are they're the best towels I've ever actually had in my house. You can hear it in my voice. I'm giggling because I'm about to say a sentence that is both true and ridiculous. I am obsessed with my Brooklyn in towel.
I get sad when it goes in the laundry and I can't use it for a while if you like softness like Comfort Essentials to help you. Relax Brooklyn and has it all Brooklyn in. Com is the perfect place to hit refresh in the New Year gone make yourself comfortable Brooklyn and is So confident in their product that all their sheets comforters loungewear and towels come with a lifetime warranty you get 10% off your first order and free shipping on the all new sheet when you use promo code stories only at Brooklyn and. Com.
That's be Roo kli any n. Com and hey New Yorkers, if you're listening you can get the internet's favorite sheets and More in real life. You visit Brooklyn's first store in Brooklyn. It's at 127. Can Evan Williamsburg Brooklyn and everything. You need to live your most comfortable. Life I hope you enjoyed that chance to decompress and now it's get back to the call.
Again for me, it's been a blessing. It's been the greatest thing ever. I think I'm happier and more at peace than I've ever been in my entire life.
That's a great way to wrap it up to hear those not wrap up the call, but that thought yeah. Yeah chasing looking at him fish and then you know, but and then there's a part of me and I'm sure part of listeners going. Well, is that rationalizing to say you've landed in this place? And but you say you were forced into it, but it does make you happy and I think there's truth to the idea is the idea that I feel like as I've traveled more I never traveled in for internationally when I was young and now I've been able to both via work and because my wife really enjoys it and I find that in a lot of other countries, they are very confused and and sort of almost amused that Americans are so work-obsessed.
I mean, yeah, there's countries that really there's countries that have in the middle of the day every day you go home and eat lunch at home and you can take a nap beautiful just beautiful.
I wish that we had that my job. Is that way now, I can literally come home at like 10:00 in the morning and make myself a meal and take a quick nap before I get up and you know greet my daughter coming home from school and do Mom stuff, you know, and I can take that time for me to do whatever it is that I need to do and if that's an app like all right, let's do it. You know, no permission needed its it is wonderful and I think it's more natural.
People need now it would make everybody so much nicer. Yeah.
It's been really great. I really can't complain. I almost worry about like what will happen if I do become more ambitious again, right? Because like I said, I'm into this hippie stuff. And so I'm feeling like I'm attracting all these wonderful things in my life all of a sudden and now I'm like wait, maybe this is it maybe he's surrendering was all I needed to do to finally like make it big right like maybe now I'm going to get into the stuff that I really I wanted to get into all this time ago. And and now I have a different choice, you know, is that what I really want? That's the new question. Is that do I still want those things? Are those still my same goal?
No wonder you're the best Lyft driver in the world. This conversation is getting the amped up because we want to change the subject a little bit.
Can I tell you something I want to confess before we went out of time. Uh-huh. I have a confession to make I have actually called in and spoke. Into you before huh on an episode that never aired. Yes.
Are you the caller from the Woodstock live show?
Yes, I think that was the one for us. So I was in Miami with the girls weekend. Remember?
Yes, that was one Jared you were there for that. I feel like the sound was at the soundboard at that venue wasn't great and the audio came out bad, right?
That's what I thought.
The reason because I also remember that like I was kind of, you know, being silly and kind of like making bad jokes and I thought oh my gosh device and Chris like is he? No, it's not a good episode. No, I think little bit worried, but I said the wrong thing but then I also thought you know, what it was a live call is so possible that the audio just wasn't up to par.
Yes car for that call as well.
I should have pieced it together when you talked about because we talk so much about your daughter, but that call was so different. I would say anyone at the Woodstock show right now their jaws driving because you are coming off shockingly different than you did during that call Jared true or false because it was the car. I want to say the colony the venue or at once that is amazing and the sound there was great but you know any live show got the soundboard and then your you were also in a car for most of the cost of yours your connection is coming in and out.
So you were you called in and you were in the Middle of a weekend where you were partying hard with with Rangers who and it was organized by an Instagram influencer. And I think that and the whole time I felt like there was something unspoken and strange about it that you weren't copping to but then you did talk so much about your relationship with your daughter and and how close you got to feel because of your age is being so similar.
This is amazing that we're catching up to you again.
Was gone so, you know, I've been wanting this so much. I'm like, I want to talk to Chris again so bad because I don't know. I think that's part of the magic of this show to is I do appreciate every conversation that you have with every individual but I also imagined in my mind like all of the other things that these people are that you talk to, you know, like so many different ways to live a life and there's so many different parts of ourselves and roles that we play and things that we do and I thought man if I could talk to him again and just kind of like speak to that part of things and kind of show that like, you know, we are so different.
This isn't blowing my mind. Yeah. Yeah. I know. I really wanted to mention them. Like I hope we're not running out of time. I want to tell him.
Yeah everyone who was at that live call because this pretty packed out in there. They're flipping out right now because it was the call was dropping in and out a little bit and and we were scrambling and wow. Wow this one minute Jerry. Maybe we should like we should think about Leasing that one as like a bonus and just say the quality is bad, but you got to hear this other one to now because it's a whole other area of your life about you being sort of like a daredevil willing to take some chances go party.
Remember that even though you have a daughter who's at the end of high school that you are still young and deserve to still Embrace exactly. I do that you get to take chances and makes mistakes. That was this is wild.
I'm so happy we talked again today. I really am this was like my dream come true again. I think I'm really attracting. All right things in my life. I'm super happy.
Hi, super super happy love and even on even when the calls came in. I'm going to tell you we had a bunch of calls sitting in the queue and Jared and Nina just said, you know, we have a bunch that all sound pretty good. Let's just random click one of these it wasn't even like the Scout at you hard.
Yeah.
I love it.
This is making me believe in your hippy-dippy nonsense.
This is making me believe in your hippy-dippy nonsense. This was meant to be You and me both man. I'm telling you. I've experienced so many coincidences in the last like week of my life. It's unreal. I love it. I love it. You are so great though, because let me tell you I think we spoke like I've been through some tough stuff to write like we're family in Puerto Rico and the hurricane my aunt passed away. Like I've got a grandfather here with dementia and like that's a whole nother story and you know, I've been through stuff. So it's so nice that this moment is happening that I'm just having these these I don't know these magical moments.
So just like blessings upon blessings upon blessings. I'm absolutely in awe of life. And I'm remembering that, you know, you can be surprised by terrible things sometimes and life is really hard. But you just never know when you're going to be surprised by something. Totally wonderful like this is this is like real life Disney Magic.
Yeah, you don't even go to Disney.
I doubt I don't need it. I manifested in my real life. It's beautiful.
I was just down there visiting my parents and I went to the Galaxy's antigen. It was like my nerdy dream come true my hero you really want to see that?
Absolutely it looks amazing. But I mean I have two people are getting at the parking like 6:00 in the morning to make sure they can get in. So it's pretty intense now, I'm gonna I'm gonna ask you something Jared we may need to cut this if it's too revealing.
So my parents I've mentioned on the show my parents spend a lot of the Year near Orlando. And they yeah sort of so they moved to a community and they said they told me look it's about a half-hour further from Disney World than our other place. And when I visited them I realized that this community these retirement communities in Florida part of why it was so much longer is it cause it's so large it takes 12 minutes to get to the exit of the community from their house.
That's how long your driving now my guest. Yeah my question for you. Do you do you have a feeling about which Community they live in?
Man, I really don't because there's so many and I drive in different places all of the time. Yeah this time so that honestly, it's not the only Community that's like that it's so common.
There's a whole bunch places are not near Disney.
Like it'll just be like a regular part of Orlando and you go into this neighborhood near in there for like 20 minutes or like what is happening. Does it ever end?
I couldn't believe it.
I was like, what is this place? This is a everybody's driving around and golf carts. There's a In activities just yeah cools every 10 feet like what is going on Lena living in this elderly, Fantasyland.
Yeah, there's a lot of them.
There is quite a few. I actually really like some of them to I'm dropping people off and I'm like come with me when I'm old.
It is not I was like sign me up. It is warm and you are taking care of here.
Yes exactly that everything you need. Everybody's Pleasant It's Alright It's pretty dope. I like it.
This is awesome. Now, I forget if we talked about this on our prior call. Can I ask you and I don't want to I've warned listeners that Obviously 2020 politics are going to come up just very quickly being Puerto Rico and living in Orlando. I've heard and read a lot that the Puerto Rican Community is showing up more and more in Orlando. I think is it called the I-5 Corridor?
I forget I don't know and and it's become a big voting Bloc and I would have to imagine the Puerto Rican Community has to be pretty pissed off about how everything got handled with the hurricane.
Oh for sure. It was horrible. It was horrible and then like, you know, the the I think the staple image that people have is Donald Trump's throwing paper towels into the crowd.
Like what the heck was that like you won the lottery like since you can dry your hands you won the lottery right?
Terrible absolutely insulting people were completely displaced from their homes. I mean it was it was horrible people died. I mean it was it was really bad.
Here's the roll of paper towels.
Yeah, I know and I have like a friend who her father-in-law couldn't get his insulin. There was no power and the insulin was Barren. He ended up passing away. I mean it was not it was a serious thing. I don't think people realize what it's like to be stuck on an island with with no help with no. Nobody's coming.
Nobody's coming so pretty bad and it was definitely quite a nightmare for quite a lot of people and they're still recovering. So and in my heart is there right? I've got a trip planned in June I go there as much as possible. It's a beautiful. Ace and I wish more people appreciated it because I absolutely love my culture and my family and where we're from so beautiful place Beautiful People beautiful beaches.
Yeah, my dad lived there for a while on business and my mom would go back and forth and I'll tell you such a laid-back Place talk about Live Free or Die you get to really just kind of do your own thing and I'll say this I was still eating meat back when I visited Puerto Rico. Best.
Oh, yeah chicken I've ever had.
I believe it really delicious food.
Yeah, we went to this roadside Chicken Place. Yeah, that's how it is. Definitely where we people think food trucks are great in America, like just go to a little side of the road in Puerto Rico anywhere big ones and it's going to be magic in your mouth magic in your mouth baby. Yes Magic in your mouth be the fog line.
Absolutely magical.
Mouth that will get people to pay their living this philosophical.
Track in your life lately, and I know you now two hours. So I know you're also willing to take a chance to party. You're making things smaller. You're being a mom you remembering that money isn't everything. I think the thing that we all need to realize in this country that because that we were talking about that before and my father is a great man and a great dad and but he worked so so hard and I worked so so hard to and I take after On that but I've kind of realized I think I think he had because he and I have talked about I think maybe he at some point what happens when we all become so work-obsessed is you forget that you work hard for reasons.
And those reasons are to buy yourself time to do the things you love to spend more time with your family to get your family in situations that are more comfortable than the situations you grew up with. So I'm trying to take all the hard work and ethics and values. Values my dad taught me relating to her can go and I also need to remember to pump the brakes and remember exactly I do this so that I have the breathing room to enjoy because not everybody does get that breathing room and to have it and not utilize it is no way.
Yeah. No way.
I think people think there's a lot of people taking taking their opportunities for granted and just over working themselves, and I definitely I think having a strong work ethic is important but it's not everything. It really isn't. I've definitely learned. It's a lot more overrated than I thought it would be.
It doesn't Define me which is such a weird thing to say because I worked so hard to work so hard. I thought this was going to be my whole life and now I'm like no, I'm good. I don't even care if you think I'm lazy, right like people are like you are just a Lyft driver and you live on Medicaid. I'm like, yep, that's no problem.
It's exactly what the amount of times Jared has had to hear me say I'm moving out to the woods. I'm building a studio in my house so that we can just connect via that because I love Jarrett and I'll come in from time to time so that we can catch up in person. But I'm gonna go live a smaller quieter life. I tried the thing where you go and try to become a celebrity and it had a lot of benefits think you got really close man.
That's over saying you you got in there. I know you think you didn't make it as big as others, but I feel I was in are very lucky to have come. Close man, and I think you'd we're living on the other side of things.
I was because now you know, you know and you have a choice to make and that's it's a hard decision, right?
I think about that all the time too. There's a lot of responsibility that comes with having freedom and being able to be free but it's great take it, you know, be accountable and decide what kind of life you want to have. Yeah. I'm not dozen if you want to work hard and be that person, you know, whatever do what you want. I definitely am someone who believes that you got to live.
Live and Let Live. I'm not here to tell you what part of your journey you need to be on or which direction you need to go because I've been there too, you know, so I'm here to support people in either direction for sure, but I think you're lucky. You're lucky that like me. I think you've kind of had a taste of Both Worlds and you get to decide now we get to decide for you and your family and your little baby boom your fountain of wisdom.
Well it because another thing we touched upon in that in that prior car. I remember you had your kid when you're 15 that brings so much adversity uphill battle judgment with it. But now you're 32 your kids moving out and we talked about you now get a whole other life. Whereas I have my kid. I was 38 and I feel like I don't get that end of life that some people get but Financially, I'm on the other side of some stuff. Yeah for his born.
You have that benefit where I have had to figure all of this out with my daughter watching me you are now able to make that choice and like give that gift to your son in the early years of his life, you know, and that stability is wonderful. It's a beautiful thing and I always wanted it and I really didn't get it but we still got a lot of good things out of the situation that I was in so where is you that's why I try not to You never you never know. It can work out either way it can work out.
Absolutely and we got time up. I'll say to you know, what's so exciting is you had your kid when you were young and so much stress, but now you've done a good job as a mom. She's in a good place and you're entering your entering this philosophical stretch of your 30s, as you know, who you are and this is almost when your life gets to begin and that's amazing and this this call and the things you've had to say you can't be charged up it was Roughly 15 times better than your prior call I would say, although we never touch them if we never is it we never touched upon the thing where you met a bunch of women and within minutes of meeting them was Nate you were naked in a hot tub with them. I believe we never will let everybody Wonder forever about what that was great to talk to you then I feel like I'm going to enter the the rest of my day with my head on straight and I hope someday I'm down visiting my folks and called.
Then we get to catch up even more.
That would be magical to definitely and get me come on.
He's the love of your life.
And now he just got back in the car. He was here doing something and he just walked back in and now you mention them again and you know, they still I saw him after those ten minutes. That just went by so go on.
Wow, that you could hear the adrenaline. Kick. I mean, I know I just got such a good that's so funny to me that the color got through again in the connection and then the last time and who knows maybe we will release it as a bonus in the coming weeks. So you guys can hear this episode that's very frustrating to listen and love to you and your daughter.
We talked so much more about Daughter in the first call and certainly not sure it makes sense that we didn't focus on that as much but your daughter stories across as well and someday thanks to Jerry O'Connell from the Flores and blue. Thanks Shell Shack for music want to know more about me including info on beautiful come out of this Chris get. Com.
If you like the show go to have a podcast rate review subscribe you do.
Next time on beautiful Anonymous. How do you deal with the traumatic breakup you climb 50 mountains with a dog this caller did but three years ago.
She actually started to cheat on me and this tell me about it and almost two years went by and I found out after two years of my world upside down.
So I ended up in a really just kind of brutal year had a really emotionally Brock years ended up in therapy and that was probably the most helpful Catalyst. I could have ever imagined to get back on things and ever since January has just been this whole kind of series of events that have led up to what feels like this phone call with you to be honest.
That's next time on beautiful anonymous.
Want to know how much inmates get paid for working in prison? Gethard catches up with the caller from episode 121, Prison Bound, 15 months into her prison stint. He asks if the system is built wrong and how do those inside talk about it and also, how do you train a bomb sniffing dog in jail? For more Beautiful Follow-Ups & the full Beautiful/Anonymous back catalog, go to StitcherPremium.com and use code STORIES.
READ LESS
Hi everybody, it's Chris gethard. I know it's Friday. It's not Tuesday. What's going on coming at you with a bonus episode today? You're about to hear a full episode from our beautiful follow-up series. Usually these are behind the paywall and Stitcher premium. It's a whole bunch of them sitting there and I were going to give you one for free right now this episode of follow up to episode 121.
I would say one of the all-time classics to the show Prison bound. Of course, you remember a caller called about to check themselves into federal prison now we get to follow up. I'm telling you this bonus one. Whoo-hoo. This one was eye-opening want to hear more sign up for free monthly premium and Stitcher premium. Com the promo code stories.
Now, if you do sign up for premium you get access to the full beautiful Anonymous back catalog you get to listen to all the episodes without ads get exclusive content. Like these bonus episodes also a whole bunch of live shows. You can't hear anywhere else. Okay, and you can you sign up for premium. I'll tell you it makes us look good great way to support this show so enjoy the episode.
Thanks for listening. You want to check out the rest give premium and try for free at Stitcher premium. Com use that promo code stories. Thanks. Enjoy.
Hello to everybody Who's Line keeps getting cut off. It's beautiful follow-ups. It's close to an hour. It's a it's I miss case. It's actually I think three or four phone calls and still no names and definitely no holds barred Oh Baby Come Back.
Hello everybody Chris gethard here. I am so excited. To welcome you to another season of beautiful follow-ups. Here's what we do. There's a lot of calls in history beautiful on this a lot of people who a lot of the listeners have wondered. I wonder what happened to that person we go ahead we get back in touch hear more from those people and where they're at.
This call is one person who I think about quite often person who we followed up with last year, and I think it's very appropriate to keep following up with originally. Let us know that she was just a few days out from heading to federal prison. So last year we heard very briefly from her about how her time in prison was going and this year we get a little more in-depth. We're going to have a few different calls with her. The reason being she can only speak for 15 minutes at a time, but it's eye open.
So let us know how it's been going in there personally how strange and dark things can get this is no longer just oh, wow. This person's going to prison. This is I've been living this for many many many months of my life. And here's what it's really like.
It's not the same.
Thank you for following up with beautiful Anonymous after the beep. Please tell the host what has happened, since your previous call was recorded.
You have a collect call from an inmate at a federal prison. To accept this call, press 5 now.
Hello.
Hi Hi, how are you? I'm good. How are you? I'm good.
Now let me know do we only have 15 minutes again this year?
Yeah, we're limited to 15 minutes, but I can wait 15 minutes and call back if you want me to.
Yeah, sure. That'll that'll be an interesting way to do it. I I want to start by saying I hope that you are well and I'm wondering how things have developed in the past year.
I am well this year has been very difficult last Christmas my step daughter passed away in a car accident. Oh, no, it's been a really hard year. It's she was only 19 was driving home for Christmas break and just had a horrible accident. So it's been a big struggle for my husband and I both to deal with that while being incarcerated. Rated it's a horrible horrible thing on the positive note. I am my kids have come to see me were communicating. So our relationship is getting better.
It's just been a there have been a lot of ups and downs this year.
That is heartbreaking and I'm really really sorry.
Thank you. But you know, it's every day you have to kind of just deal with that day. It's especially when you're in this situation. I think for my husband and I both we haven't really grieved yet because we're so far away from home that we haven't had to deal with life without her yet. So it's really easy to just compartmentalize and then when we get home, we'll deal with all that.
Now I know I know that in some situations incarcerated people are allowed to to attend funerals. It sounds like that was not the case here.
No because there was a gun enhancement. We got an extra couple points. We would have had to be escorted and we'd have to pay for that escort. Also, we're not incarcerated in the same state that we were from so it would be it was Just not something that we would be allowed to do.
Oh man. That is I mean, I feel like every time I've talked to you. It's probably fair to say that your story is one word just reality keeps like like it keeps hitting you like a bucket of cold water their face, but this feels like one of the most extreme examples and all the times we've spoken.
Oh, absolutely.
They're honestly has some good things to come from losing her. It's really hard to say that but life is so short and there were relationships that were able to heal because of that of realizing that you're not promised tomorrow and you don't have years to reconcile things that you have to deal with things. Now, you have to let go of things and just Life is too short to hold on to anger and resentment and bitterness bitterness. You have to just deal with things. So that's been something that we taught us both.
With I can't imagine going through it, but what you're saying really is eye-opening.
So I opened that's eye-opening advice for anybody even people who aren't in circumstances as Extreme as yours, right and you know, I this all started with just becoming an addict and try to feed her addiction, but you know, I have paid a large price with addiction and I made horrible choices that were just so outside of who I am and what I would normally do and this is something that I had to you know, I had to kind of sit out in this is something that I had to learn about myself through incarceration. I'm able to realize that I had to work on me. So this is a been a good opportunity.
It's a horrible thing to go through I I can't even explain it what it's like but there are positives that come from it and I've decided to go and get a masters in Psychology when I get home. I've already taken some correspondence courses and I want to be a drug and alcohol counselor and I want to help other people maybe catch before they get as far as I did.
I would have to imagine you'd be really effective at that because I know in in our interactions you're really so able to communicate clearly and beautifully and I would have to imagine that for someone going Through the thick of it that having someone be be able to say hey, I've actually been there has to create a little more trust than maybe you'd get if that wasn't the case.
I would hope so and you know, when I went to rehab there were there was only one counselor that had ever even dealt with even alcoholism and it's really hard to open up and talk to somebody and trust somebody that just doesn't have those same experiences Because unless you have done horrible things in order to get high.
You can't understand where that person's been or what what they're going through and where that first those first few stages of coming out of an addiction and going through which draws and just thinking I would do anything right now just to escape this feeling and be high again. And that's what really addiction is. All about is escaping what's going on right then and I just want to help people deal with that and be able to come through those moments.
That's really eye-opening to hear it phrase that way because that it must create such a nasty cycle where when you try to step away from your addiction. You have to sit there and sort of recognize reconcile. A lot of the things you did in the throes of the addiction and that must only give you more things that you want to hide from which leads you right back to it.
Absolutely. Absolutely. This call is from a federal prison. Sorry. That's my good friend that reminds us where we are every five minutes.
Yeah. No, we should just let them know. We don't need the reminder on this one like this. Yeah, you're doing a good job of spelling it out your your I wonder if you There's been a lot. I wonder if this is something that you have caught wind of with in prison or what people think of it. I feel like there's been a new explosion of progressive politics.
A lot of people have actually, you know, even politicians themselves are calling themselves Democrat Democratic Socialist. A lot of them are really saying that the prison system is built wrong and ineffective. I'm wondering if that's something that people are talking about within the prison system as well.
Oh, absolutely.
We have been watching closely. Especially, you know, there are a lot of candidates that are talking about prison reform and all and the criminal justice system as a whole. It's just not working and it's part of that is because our criminal justice system is a business and they're making money off of it and there, you know, most of the prisons are privatized and their stockholders so really it's about mass incarceration and the more people that are Imprison the more money they make instead of really focusing on Rehabilitation and fixing the problem and where it lies and keeping people from making these mistakes.
That's its I could have met is that something people feel day-to-day like do a lot of the inmates feel that of like, I'm just sitting here waiting to get out and some assholes making money off of it in the meantime, and I could absolutely wow.
Wow, wow, we all have there's we we all have to have a prison job where required to work and they pay us but it's such a minimal amount. For example, my present job is we train service dogs. I love my job. I it's amazing. I have probably one of the best jobs in the prison system. I only have to have one roommate I get to spend all day working with a dog and knowing that I'm going to help somebody which is something I really is my heart went to You for the rest of my life, but we get paid 26 Cents an hour for seven hours a day.
What all is from a federal prison?
We know we know we know you get paid 26 Cents an hour. Yes that almost feels like a slap in the face. It almost sounds like it would be better to make nothing.
Absolutely and you know, we're required to buy all of our own items. We have to buy our Our own shampoo and body wash and write everything. We have to supply ourselves. It's not supplied by the prison system. That's why they give us these jobs to pay for those things. So really we don't make anything we work our job and do what they want us to do.
So everything is taken care of by inmates. You have inmates that work in construction inmates that work in plumbing. So something breaks inmates fix it, but you're only you're paying us less than a dollar an hour. Wow. And we have been that money we make to go and buy the things from your store to for our high genes in our coffee and everything. So really we end up making nothing because we're giving it all back to them and Jared also tells me that for us to connect we put money into your account and to place money into the account.
There's a three dollar fee every time so they're making money just off of your ability to even touch base with a loved one, right?
They charge us. Yes you Jared does the money on the account? So I'm able to do a collect call. Otherwise, they would charge me three dollars for a 15 minute phone call email say charge five cents a minute to send an email still you've you've you are on the inside you I you know, this is a phrase that gets tossed around people must feel like slaves though.
You must feel like it absolutely and you know we Everybody here most of the people here.
I'm not going to say everybody because there are instances where innocent people are incarcerated. But for the most part we've all done something and made choices that we need to be punished for. I don't even know that planet. I don't like that word for it. But it's the most accurate. We've all done something that led us here.
We all made mistakes. We all broke the law basically, so I understand that there's some some ways that we have to make up for that. However, the prison system just doesn't work for for us. It's not really there's so many people that I see just in the two years. I've been here who have left more than once and just come right back. Yes. It's not set up to it's just It's the second work. Something's broken.
I also imagine every time we spoken both before you went in and and subsequently. I feel like you've done a really good job of giving yourself long-term goals and the sense of purpose.
It doesn't sound like that's something they encourage though. It sounds like that's on you and if people don't have that it must it must get hopeless fast Absolutely.
I'll give you an example my last roommate. She's a we switch roommates frequently in here. They don't want you to get too comfortable and all of that. So my last roommate was only 26 years old. She's been in prison. She with had never been in trouble before has been in prison since she was 19. She I was pregnant when she came into the prison system has delivered her baby has never got to be a mother to her child.
She was 19 when she was given a 10-year sentence for a drug charge and never been in trouble before wow.
Wow, so I look at other people whose circumstances are like that.
I realized that I kind of did a little bit of an easier break and that's kind of it's not fair but there's just something the whole system is just there's something broken and it and it needs to just have a complete overhaul, you know, and the news we had the first step back to that is a great starting place with Programming that'll give you time to go to the halfway house and get back on your feet and have home confinement. All of those are great. Unfortunately, they're not really haven't really been implemented yet, but we're all looking forward to that.
That I'm glad that there's glimmers of hope. It's really this is for some reason. I feel like this one's kind of hitting me. Maybe it's just because you have more experience speak to it. But the reality of this is hitting me harder than even in the times we spent past spoken. It also sounds like a system that's built in a way where the people how would I say it the people who have done quote-unquote the worst things by the way Society judges them.
for get put in there the longest and therefore have the least incentive to have any hope and have any impetus to change.
Absolutely, and that's unfortunately the way the system is set up. Hopefully that will change and hopefully they'll have some sentencing reform and I'm sure you just heard that beep that means we only have one minute left when it cuts off. I'll wait 15 minutes and call you back. We just have a 15-minute wait between phone calls that we have to okay.
I'm looking forward to it, and I'm so This is eye opening in a real way so I can't wait to hear more 15 minutes from now and and how about listeners? You don't have to wait 15 minutes, which is cut to it. Okay through the magic of modern editing technology.
I will talk to you in 15 minutes Chris. Holy shit.
Okay. Okay. We're hitting the ground running this year. Wow. Wow. Okay, it's good to hear you laugh though. I'm glad I can bring all laugh.
Hello. Hi. Oh good. I'm so glad to hear you again.
I thought they were going to step in and be like, hey, we were monitoring that you get a second phone call.
No, they don't they I mean they do monitor our calls A lot of times they listen afterwards. So if I say anything that upsets them and they'll call me in the office and tell me about it.
Wow, like your second grader. It called to the office. Yes. Yes, damn, okay couple basic questions because I like that we got to think of it. It's if I'm doing my math, right you must be about halfway through your stay there.
Yes a little bit more.
They did just a part of the first step Act was giving a little extra good time. So I should hopefully if everything works out I could potentially be Next Christmas Eileen the halfway house next Christmas for the last part of my sentence.
Definitely that must feel like such a good thought.
Yes, that's what I'm that's what I'm hoping. Everything works out so far.
They were supposed to change dates on July 21st was one that was supposed to go into effect. My date has not changed yet. I'm kind of waiting.
Yeah.
Yeah, as of right now my my date to leave is June of 2000 21 June 20 21 Wow, did when you hit that halfway point to that feel like emotionally did or mentally did that did that feel like any sort of pressure release or is it just not day by day?
I got to just keep my head down and get through this you try at one point counted.
I know I how many days I've been in and how many days I have left at this point. It's really easier to just kind of go. Oh, it's a new quarter or it's a new season the weather is changing. It's a much quicker way to pass time. You don't really you. Don't really want to think about how much longer you have. You want to think of how much time you've already gotten you've already seen that time. They can you know, that's done.
You don't have to do that time again, if that makes any sense to me, but he hasn't been in but that's kind of the way you look at it until you get really close to the door. Then you start counting how many days you have left?
And then our people just on an insane level of their best. Behavior well, we call it the short and cities it's where your short timing you don't have much time left and you just have to kind of get a shitty attitude.
You're like, I'm out the door. I'm ready to be done so that it's a kind of a joke. We call it. That's what we call it here.
Oh, so the opposite of what I thought yes. Wow, but I can emit like that that must bite people in the ass. Sometimes there must be like if you mouth off to Guard I could I bet that could end poorly and then College from a federal prison. Oh God that always so bad that is a note never-ending sobering and chilling effect Yes.
Actually I have a friend to tried to tell she had a young child and she tried to tell her kids that she was just in time out or you know, you don't want to tell a four or five year old that you're in jail and then her kid told her one time. You're in jail mom and she's like, how did you know that lady tells Me every time you call me ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh, that's sad. Now your training dogs. Yes, and that's one of the better gigs.
Yes, and no, I mean as far as you don't get paid anything for it. You have a dog 24/7 and you my each month I make about 35 or $40. But as far as what you get out of it is one of absolutely one of the better jobs. It's like it just made my whole day with a dog which is in a lot of ways a comfort and it's my dog that I just graduated Echo went on to she's now a bomb.
Action dog and she travels does stadiums and concerts and she's amazing. Now. I just have a puppy who's five months old and I've had him since he was eight weeks old. So it's a cool gig and we do PTSD we do service dogs. We do hearing dogs. We have about six different types of skilled service dogs that we do.
I'm going to ask a truly idiotic question, but I won't forgive myself. How do you train a bomb? Bomb detecting dog because I can't give you bombs in prison. No.
No, we do we do their basic training. So we do basic obedience by the time our dogs leave here. We've had them for 18 months and we've taught them about 50 commands God and then they go on to Advanced Training where they build on what we've taught them and everything that our dogs do here is on command 8 go everywhere with us.
They go through the chow hall. They so I mean we teach them to potty on command and make potty anywhere on concrete in the grass and the sand on rocks wherever we tell them to go and when we tell them to go they go they have to walk exactly in line with us. They have to I mean all these different things we teach them and then once we finish their basic training then they go on to Advanced now that you said that that's a pretty good gig, but you don't get paid much.
What's the what's the best gig and the worst gig in prison?
Well, you can as far as money goes there you can make some money if you go and work for you go and work at a call center or different prisons have different like contracting jobs that an outside company pays prisoners to do. They're still only making about a dollar fifty an hour, but it's a little bit better.
The worst jobs are in the kitchen. No one wants to work in the kitchen and no one wants to work on compounds which You're picking up trash.
Oh now wait these jobs were there's contractors.
This if I'm connecting the dots, right this sounds like it should violate a lot of basic labor laws.
You would think but as yeah, they asked my husband rebuilds computers all of the different government agencies. They send his present all of their computer parts their old computers keyboards TVs all of that. They refurbish them rebuild them in then I guess they go. To be resold, but he makes $75 a month.
And that's a service that I would imagine if they were.
Contracting that outside of print that would be significant cost to find somebody who can who has those skills.
Yes.
This is a this is this is messed up this and I know everybody knows listens knows that I'm a New York City guy, and I'm I'm on the Progressive angle, but I hope everybody hears you and just put politics aside just Humanity wise sure you have consistently throughout the course. Your call said I messed up.
I do have a debt to pay but now that you're two years in and giving us this perspective. I don't know how anybody can hear about especially this labor stuff and feel like this is okay.
Okay, absolutely. And if you think about it, like I said, we have to buy our own hygiene items so our shampoo or conditioner body wash. Our appraisers are toothpaste or toothbrush is all of that. None of that is supplied by the prison system. So I thinned after I'm finished emailing my family buying stamps to write my family buying everything. I need to just keep my body clean after all of that. I'm spending at least $50 a month. Month, but you're only paying me $30 a month. So I'm paying you to be incarcerated.
Wow, when you it makes me mad and here's a dumb question. When you buy a 35 cent stamp. Do you pay 35 cents we pay fifty five cents for stamps. Is that the standard rate out here or is that are you are you paying? How much is a stamp these days Harry? None of us. I don't even have to think about how much stamps are you gotta sweat every penny you're like that's two-thirds of an hour. Right there. Oh no it if you pay a 50 you're telling me if you buy one cent that is one step. That's two hours of work to buy a stamp.
Yes more that's more than two hours of work gets you a stamp.
Oh, that's that's that's bad stuff. These for-profit prisons got to go.
And I mean, like I said again, I I know I deserve to have I have a debt to pay to society. I was selling drugs. I did that things but you know, the what happened to the punishment fitting the crime When did that stop being a part of yeah that Criminal Justice System.
Well also just the idea of Reform and no matter how far how you justify this system. How is someone in your position expected to believe that there's an actual level of care being put towards helping you reform when you are so aware that you're being monetarily. Put upon how can you trust it? Right Even if it is there even if there are good and I'm sure there are good people trying to work within the system to accomplish the right things. It must be so hard to let your guard down and trust that oh, absolutely and you know, there's it's just so overwhelming this my prison is a prison camp.
So it's supposed to be the most the lowest security and I supposed to be the most most options because we're the closest to getting column being Going through re-entry and re going back into society. So they're so overwhelmed. There's a thousand women and this compound so our case manager and our counselors, they each have 250 to 500 women on their caseload. So they're just so overwhelmed and so busy, how do you give attention and care to those that many people it's just not possible.
And so you don't really blame the staff the sometimes it feels like they're not doing what they're supposed to. To do and you get really frustrated but they there's just so much to do and it's just a such a broken system. They're understaffed and overpopulated every level.
Yeah now I do we have talked about the Bleak side of it the answer to this next question might just be you know, I'm not sure how to answer that. Do you see people within the system trying to do right by prisoners trying trying to help trying Help you get on the straight and narrow and get ready to be back in the world and be a more productive citizen.
Are there people they're doing lately. That's good.
That's good. And there are there are many programs that are offered since I've been here. I took quarter culture. So I have my Horticulture degree from Texas A&M that I did in the instructor for that was amazing. He never treated anybody like an inmate. He treated everybody like a person. He didn't know he called you by name not you know, just your last name. You were a person to him.
There's I was involved in a program or a class called truth be told which was an amazing 16 week course that taught you how to tell your story taught you how to communicate Toastmasters came in and you gave speeches. It was a wonderful expressive tool I've taken there's Financial classes that you can take. There's all kinds of programming. There's outside colleges that come in offer courses and As for re-entry, there's there are ways that you can better yourself if you have the initiative and you have the desire to do so, it's just knowing that there's so there's not a great outlook for a lot of US unless you really put the work in and it's really daunting. Sometimes it's a lot of people have who have come back and said they've tried to go out and it was they couldn't find a job. So they violated their release terms their probation terms and have to come back because they couldn't find housing or They couldn't find a job because now there are selling and people don't want them to live in their apartment complex. So they don't want to hire them and it's just a cycle.
It's really difficult to break.
Yeah, it's rough. That's hard. Now. I may have asked you this last year. I apologize. If I did I've never met you. I don't know what you look like, but just based on what you sound like when other people ask you. Hey, what are you in for and you tell them some of the stories you told me and I first call.
Little cousin. Oh boy. I forgot that was kinda keep forgetting. That's cool. When you tell people some of the stories you told me which I think you're the first to admit some really dark horrible stuff. Are they shocked?
Do you want me to call back in 15 minutes or do you want to end this because that's the beep?
Oh my God, that was 15 minutes that we just that flew by I know. Let's do one more layer. Is that okay? Or is that annoying to you? I don't want to annoy you is the thing.
No, I have nothing but chime Chris.
Oh, right. Oh, oh, I I forgot so I foolishly forgot that. Okay. Yeah one more if you don't mind one more. All right, what if I tried the big time what if I was like, I actually got a lot of stuff to do today.
Can you imagine?
And now I have nothing. Okay.
Give me another call. I want to hear about it. Let's remember the question I ask you is are people shocked to hear that you did things you did and we'll pick up when you call back with that answer.
Okay, I'll talk to him.
Hello.
Hello.
Hi, okay. So the answer to that question when when you come in here and people typically don't ask what you're in for is kind of kind of fruit you mention that there are two things and typically what they'll say is money or drugs. Are you here on White Collar money or are you in here for drugs? Because that's kind of the two categories that everything falls under and people are shocked, but I'm not here for Wow like that.
They go they look at you. They go. I thought you were money. Wow good for you.
Yeah, that's kind of a that's just a category everything falls under as you get develop closer relationships. You do kind of tell more of your story and people are surprised but it's it's really hard to tell with some people around here in at least in the federal prison because we kind of you're not going to go to federal prison for having just you know, basic possession usually Do you are there people you become close with to a degree?
Where?
You'll stay in touch or when people leave prison do they just try to leave it all behind you do develop a closer relationship to some people.
I mean, it's kind of no, I don't want to see that because it's not I would I was almost a like going through a war with somebody but it's not but that same relationship. It's your cut off from everybody else for the people that you live with so there are people that you become close to So it's there are people that I would probably keep in touch when I leave but very few of them.
Yeah, but you also have to be careful who you trust.
So it's So that's real all that stuff is real. Yes, people manipulate you exploit. Yeah, there's situations where you can feel like you're a little in danger.
Oh, absolutely, and you never know. It's a little less risk here that so in this is a camp. It's the lowest stressy level. So it's not quite like you would see on TV, but it can be I mean, there are everywhere all we're all criminals here and we all have that capacity to do bad things and you have to kind of just and your own sometimes you have to know what your boundaries are and not soompi cross them Wow.
Wow, got it. You gotta you gotta adjust your whole mental game.
Is there a CO? Absolutely.
I feel like ever since the first first time we spoke. You like I remember the first call. Some people may be validly kind of put the screws to me and we're like, you know, this is a person who is describing some really bad stuff and Chris you were you were not so tough, but I've always felt like you went out of your way to just say I know I messed up. I know I really did some bad stuff. So I've always just wanted to reflect compassion and prisoners are human beings sitter any part of you that has any worry about Going back into a bad track when you get out or you do you feel like you're firmly on the other side of that.
Oh, that's a hard question. Really hard to say I've gone through several. I went to drug rehab out there was living in a sober living house before I came in and knew if I was able to know I was coming to prison and stay sober. I feel like this call is from a federal prison because that's really hard as knowing.
How was that four months after I got sentenced and knowing I was coming to prison was probably the hardest time to ever not get high, right? I feel like on one hand, but I have a good foundation. I'm firmly in I don't want to go back there. But I also have an addiction and I have to know that about myself and I have to know that I can't put myself in any situation, but I would be tempted because it would just take one time.
Yeah, I just gotta say on my end. It's been it's talking to you. This many times. I feel like every time I hear that we're going to talk again. I just hope you're doing so well and I just really hope that in a couple years we'll do one of these follow-ups where you'll be able to say at least for now.
I am good man. I'm good. I'm doing it.
Absolutely, and I don't I don't foresee myself ever slipping because I mean just knowing where I've been and not wanting to come back here is a really good deterrent. So, like I said, I'm not I'm not going to be one of those people that says that's never going to happen because I just as long as I'm the joint and I Know Myself and I keep myself out of those situations and away from Those triggers that I know I'm going to be good.
Yeah, I feel it in my guts that I believe you and I'm hoping so hard.
Me to absolutely it's but you know release is a scary scary thing. And I know that like the halfway houses are that kind of phase back into society and sometimes at least I had to do a halfway house before I came I had to you know, I went to rehab and then I did a halfway house on my pretrial release and then I went to a sober living house until I came to prison and the halfway house is sometimes have more drugs in the streets do And honestly, I'm so glad that I'm in this particular Camp because a lot of prisons have more drugs than outside. Wow crazy, but luckily. I was in a place that doesn't have a lot of Contraband. We it's kind of a cupcake camp in that aspect. There's not you know, people aren't smoking in the bathrooms are not drinking. They're not making toilet Hooch or anything like that. So luckily I don't have that temptation.
So I'm able to get enough distance from my addiction. I think to be in a really good place.
That's that is quite good. That is quite good and I feel like I know from you know, certainly not certainly not to a degree. They got us out of control is yours, but I always felt like with me with drinking the more distance. I got from drinking TimeWise the more I was able to look back and feel like oh that was an A different human being who did some of those things.
Absolutely and that's your I have to look at drinking in the same way. I always never my addiction. For I know that if I go and start drinking and loosen up then I'm not going to have as much resolved to say no to other harder things.
Yeah, and yeah, you can't it's scary. And mentally it's a lot of work, but you can't put yourself in a position where your judgment gets impaired.
You just can't absolutely absolutely and I Ultimately, my husband and I both have these goals. Like I said earlier in the call. I want to go and get my masters in Psychology. And I want to help people on the same side of that my husband's goal. And we've kind of wanted to put this together if my husband wants to use his Contracting experience and his knowledge of construction and he wants to form a a treatment facility sober living home but is based around families and he wants to give men and fathers.
The tools and the skills and the knowledge of how to support their self without having to rely on drugs. And so that's his goal is to teach men traits to get away from the drug side of it.
Do you find that there's a lot of people in prison who feel motivated to get out and get into lines of work or lines of volunteerism that deal directly with what the mistakes they made not really honestly you would think there would be more of it.
There is some Okay, you either it's kind of one extreme or the other right? Either you're really got hold of help people or you're like nope, right? I just went over their own want to move on with my life.
Here's a weird question. Probably not the best use of our time but I'm gonna ask you were talking about things you can find on the inside and you're lucky to be in a place where there's not, you know, drugs happening and I would read an article that there is a brand of potato. Apps that you can only get in prison that prisoners are actually super obsessed with and are like mad you can't get it on the outside. Do you know what I'm talking about?
I think I do. I think you might be talking about like the shebangs. I don't know.
I think that was them. I've read an article or prisoners or like yo the best potato chips in the world are actually in prison. How do we get these things on the outside?
You know, you would honestly be amazed with I mean Commissary has some you can buy some good stuff on commissary. But here's the really crazy thing these women can make tamales and they can make enchiladas and stuff. We don't have microwaves. We're not allowed microwaves. We have a hot water machine that has 200 degree water. And that's all we have to cook with.
Wow. Yeah, they're called shebangs. We looked it up the whole shebangs people are obsessed. There's all these do you know this there's like all these foodie articles about the shebangs like everywhere.
Really? Well, you can find a prisoner and we are allowed here. I can send my kids snacks.
Hello.
I can mellow out.
Maybe we can set up some side business will pay you twenty six twenty six cents bag to mail must shebangs.
And so we only they rotate things so we don't have them regularly. We have them like Porter they change what kind of sodas and what kind of chips and stuff they have on commissary. But yeah, I didn't know that they didn't have shebangs on the outside, you know people there's articles about people saying we managed to get some of these things.
Here's what they actually taste like it's like a whole hipster foodie thing try to get you back.
I also want to point out though connecting the dots if you can't get those on the outside that means yet another company that has found a way to make profit off of Prisons. This is a Absolutely, it's everywhere. Huh?
Absolutely. So I actually had my my aunt was called from a federal prison do some researching cost comparisons of what were charged for items and what they actually cost the we do get Dove Body Wash here for a bottle of does body wash. We pay eight dollars and sixty-five cents for the bottle.
So they underpay you and overcharge. Hu, so undoubtedly, you yourself are putting money into somebody's pocket just for being there.
Absolutely and you know make about 35 to $40 a month is average my paychecks and I'm spent so my family has to put money on my books in order for me to make it in order for me to have enough to even buy everything I need and I don't even buy food from commissary I buy coffee and sweet. And hygiene, and that's it.
What happens to the people who don't have families that are able or willing to do that?
They they buy what they can I all we we have to pay about $4 for a stick of deodorant, you know, there are bars of soap. You can buy the body wash or you can buy a bar of soap for two dollars for a single bar so you can I mean potentially with what they pay you you can buy what you need to keep your hygiene to brush your teeth and wash your body but you won't have anything extra and I got to say No matter what people's opinions are.
On our relationship and how it's developed over the years my opinion. You should definitely feel like you're being punished. There's probably even fairness to say that that you should have to reconcile what you did and feel some level as shame. I think people say that I got it but there has to be a basic level to which just because you're a prisoner that doesn't mean you're allowed to be degraded and some of this stuff really I imagine some of this stuff has to just so severely mess with people's sense of actual self worth and who That helped when people get on the outside.
Absolutely.
It's I mean, it's prisons hard and it's not. Posey you know you If you're here for a reason and that's something that you know, and I have so much I used to tell myself that I was a good drug dealer. I wasn't going to take anybody's food stamps and let them buy their drugs for me with that. I wasn't going to let them give me stuff that belonged to their children.
I know that I was still taking away from someone's kids if they were getting drugs from me and had children. I was still taking that away from their family and so I'll truly a guilty thing and you do have to write I do. So bad, but at the same time, it's just it's prison so hard.
Yeah, and it should be but some of its exploitive in a way that I hope I hope people listening are going. Well. That's that's over a line because I think it is clearly times almost up. It's so nice to hear your voice. So nice to hear about the dogs. So nice to hear that you're thinking proactively and I just hope you can push through the tough parts, and I hope we have to talk again.
Sooner rather than later and it's just great to hear from you.
Thank you and Jared has my email if there's any other follow-up questions. I'd be happy to answer them.
All right, please stay strong in there. Please avoid the demons in there and continue with the positivity because it's really miraculous and inspiring.
Thank you Chrissy. You have a great weekend.
I you to is that even an okay thing to say do weekends matters in prison?
Oh, no, I'll never know the answer.
I guess I'll figure it out next year.
Wow. I have to say to the prisoner who has continued to fill me in on her life. Thank you. Thank you so much to think about so much chew on their I mean from the way that prisons make profit off of prisoners to the way that prisons apparently have the greatest. Chips of all time so much to think about there, and I hope you keep your head up and keep keep positive stay positive and keep looking to improve yourself and train those dogs and get out and keep doing good for the world. I'm rooting so hard for you. Thanks everybody for listening to beautiful follow-ups.
I'm so excited that we're doing this. We got a lot more great follow-ups coming down the pike with all sorts of listeners. You guys have known and loved of the year. So thanks for tuning in. Thank you Jerry O'Connell. Thank you. Harry Nelson, thank you to Shag. See you next time.
Hey, if you're still listening probably means you're interested in hearing more follow-ups go to stitch a premium. Com stories use the promo code stories. You'll have access to a bunch more follow-ups as well as the entire beautiful Anonymous back catalogue along with a ton of other exclusive content from other shows. Go check it out Stitch a premium. Com stories promo code stories.
An extremely optimistic guy calls in to talk about how he got over his cheating ex by getting a dog, living in a tiny house, hopping freight trains and more. Plus, Chris shares what hes learned on the cusp of turning forty.
Hello to everybody playing a harmonica with their nose. It's beautiful and autonomous one hour one phone call. No names No Holds Barred everybody Chris gethard. Year, it's beautiful Anonymous. Thank you for listening. Thank you for subscribing supporting the show and this episode. You're about to hear it. I love it. I love it. It's got three topics.
And I all of them.
I found fascinating one. A lot of people are gonna flip out because this guy's the owner of an influencer dog and everything. I know so many people who listen to this show love dogs, you know, love hearing about this dog. Sure many people are gonna go track down this dog. Don't tell me about it because Anonymous in the name of the ships that don't you need To go see the influence your dog don't out this guy to me or anybody else respect the show a lot of what we talked about pretty fascinating topic.
What's it like to have a relationship fall apart due to infidelity. That's just such a human thing such a human topic and we really get into it and then last but not least comes up at the end and I want to call his out. Sorry for the spoiler. He talks about how he used to ride the rails. He used to hop freight trains and that's something that's Always fascinated me and I just want to say if you're out there and you're a real writer and you've lived that lifestyle to I would love to have a full hour. I rarely just go fishing for actual van topics. But if you are someone who has lived that classic riding the rails dare, I say hobo lifestyle you hear you will hear how excited I get when it comes up in this car and I'd love to talk more about it than anybody else out there. Anyway, it's got a lot going for it Charming nice guy with a lot to say enjoy it.
Thank you for calling beautiful Anonymous a beeping noise will indicate when you are on the show with the host.
Hello. No way is this I gotta say it. I gotta say it. Is this Chris?
What if I said no one of us like nah, that's not how would you react?
I would be I'm so sock that I'm I made it through. How are you man?
How am I would say I'm dancing on the precipice of a major depressive episode as a doctor recently told me but by and large good outside of that I'm fine. I'm fine. You know me rolling with the punches of Life wondering what the point is, but also enjoying myself. How are you? I I can yeah.
I can relate to that. This has been a very bizarre last couple of weeks and I'm still kind of reeling from all of it. I can't say I've been heading into you know, a depressive episode soon some 30 here that I will say. I've been following your cleaner and the amount of really just seems like you have such an exciting life. On at least be a Twitter. There's so much going on and between the cable access is La man. I mean if there's ever been a time that sounds like your career is kind of exploding this this is it.
Wow.
I'm amazed. That's your perception from the outside because I am filled with constant daily fear that my career is is slowing down more than it ever has in the same year that my son has come to life, but I'm happy to hear it from the outside.
It looks That's reassuring thank you for this I will say you have an incredible abilities to hold space for people to do really big things and I feel like that cable access show might be you know, one of the ways that you're you're able to do that and that's a really exciting kind of thing. Even if it is just cable access. It's not worth not worth being down about.
No. I it's really you you're telling me. Of course about Chris together presents on New York public acts. Yes.
Yeah. I'm very proud of it.
I feel like a lot of comedians get to go out there and shine and do their thing. So I'm really proud of it and thank you for a while plugging it. Yeah, thanks is wild man.
It is fun and it's been fun to watch it. That's good.
I'm glad you're enjoying it. We're doing some cool stuff everybody. Check it out. Now. We've made it about me. I've been able to mope for a solid two minutes. You said you've had a crazy couple weeks. I want to hear about this.
Chris it's been it's been nuts. So I had a rough last couple of years and one of the reasons that that had happened was I started dating this woman and this woman about three years ago. She actually started to cheat on me and didn't tell me about it and almost two years went by and I found out after two years.
You flipped my world upside down. So I ended up in a really just kind of brutal year had a really emotionally rough year and ended up in therapy and it was probably the most helpful Catalyst. I could have ever imagined to get back on things and ever since January. There's just been this whole kind of series of events that have led up to what feels like this phone call if you'd be honest. I just can't even Come on here right now and I've just been kind of on the upswing. So I have a dog and this dog is a very good boy. I know you're constipated about potentially getting an animal and you better believe I'm on the same campus and let's get to your dog and my dog ended up getting a little bit Instagram famous and then it became local Famous and now he's getting a little Out of national attention and it's took doc. I mean, he's a really good dog.
But over the last couple of weeks has been these different venues that have reached out to us about abilities that he has have jumping over stuff and doing kind of urban park or and that's just completely taken over. My last two weeks is kind of act as the odd and sales guy my in the agent for the four-legged furry dog was no idea what's going on while we eat snacks and dogs aren't on my feet.
So you've been having a rough patch of it. Now you got a celebrity dog. Now when you say sales guy in agent, I'm not sure how much you're being hyperbolic or are you are you already making money off this dog?
No not yeah, I'd love to I just think it's such a ridiculous thing. Like I've done almost nothing except for put up some posts and then people share it and it slowly gets bigger. So I'm thinking in the next little while the next 12 months not going to be unreasonable to start tagging them and bagging them for some ads on his on his social media then use influencer.
So and what happens so you put something up on Have it start to spread their and what does it start to show up on my credit and things like that. I know that's a site where a meme is known to pop off from time to time.
We did I we did have something in Reddit. We're talking like the local newspaper had picked it up, which was kind of a mind blow and then for dinner another bigger in the area started to pick the info up and then from there a large National magazine has approached us on them. It's really strange man and of all the venues that you think you would, you know be celebrated for or like feel like you have worked really hard.
I have a great relationship but not Doug and we worked really hard together, but I'm just not not at all where I thought some of that so much positivity would come from so the interesting to share that and explore that with little mute Bulldog mellow quiet little animal.
Wow. And is it strange? Is it to the point where like when you walk down the street with dog now to people know the dog?
Yes, wait, hold on one second because you know, sometimes you're speaking and its total clearance in some term.
You're sure she only like this. So if there's a place you can go that avoids that it'll just make less people feel like they're hallucinating during that of course of this point.
I don't want to crap everyone out necessarily sitting in my car. I have left my home and now I'm sitting in the car. Okay, I hope the clerk.
All right, I'll just let you know. So you're saying you're on a you're in a university town and people know the dog already?
Yes University town and then we move to the biggest city. That was nearby recognize the dogs. Don't yell at him from across the street and you know with so excited to meet them, too often. Yes, he does he does he say I said, yes, it does shake his hands as though he was like a famous person. He shook his hand.
Oh nice to meet you.
And I was just looking at her like only the dog okay wait, we have to pause your connection is getting worse.
Your connection is getting worse and worse and I got to hear about that.
I'm not I'm not sure. What else are you on?
Are you on like headphones or something?
No, no. No, not at all my head. I wonder I don't know if I could drive any anywhere. And actually right next to the cell phone tower is it still sounds terrible?
Hold on Jared's a type in some stuff out. He's asking if you can change how the phone is oriented to your face.
Yeah, I can try speaker.
Does this sound better?
Keep talking a little bit.
We'll sort this bad boy.
Yeah, so got this celebrity dog, and he's just been kind of leading the way he actually I just tell people he takes me on walks now. Okay, I think it sounds better for now.
I'll let you know if we have more issues. Sorry to cut you off like that. I just want to hear about this celebrity dog situation.
Oh good. I appreciate that.
All right, Jared.
Yeah, I think we'll go with this Jared saying if you have wired headphones without a mic that's enough but I think this sounds good. I think we're good for now. Okay. We'll see. Alright, okay.
Alright, so I get back.
So when you when you are someone who has when you're someone who has been cheated on it's traumatic and went on for years. I'm sure that this puts you in a place where you're maybe not out and about and then and then you have ladies stopping you to shake your dog's hand. 30 party that's like man this dog is gonna bring me back to the dating scene, man.
Truly truly, he's been the Catalyst for for some pretty amazing things as well. Now. I live I'm going to give myself away a little bit. I do live in a very mountainous state. So there's only so many options but one of the things that I started doing after the experience with this partner was I just needed to get out of the house and move my body and I always loved climbing mountains.
Where I live there's a ton of them and what I started trying to do was climb all of the highest one. So I'll say I'm in Colorado and in Colorado we have what's called 13 hours and 14 hours and 13 hours are mountains between 13 2013 9 9 9 and 49ers are mountains that are over 14,000 feet. And so I started climbing these Peaks and my dog and I climbed all of the the 49ers there are 58 of them and he was able to do 50.
So I always wanted to kind of go on these Big Adventures with him, but being able to bring them along with so cathartic and it helped me paste and be a lot more mindful about you know, which route I was choosing and if the choices I was making or smart or healthy or if they were going to be too dangerous for him to navigate around and now we're working on All of the 13,000 foot peaks in the state and just you know, we start to get a little older Yeah Christmas starting to slow down and he's a little bit of he's a little bit more of a diva. The fame might be gone to his head.
Who knows?
That's here.
That's true. Actually never considered that maybe he's like man. This guy is getting old. I got to slow down for his ass where he's like right there.
Maybe you should Carry Me Up the Mountain dude. I'm the star here pamper me.
I like that idea. I would not be opposed to it. You know, if he thinks like a like a foot injury, I would sling him over my shoulders faster than a surf now this sometimes it's very sometimes when I sort of sum things up in a sentence it really tickles me and I'm not saying that your what you went through tickles me, but the idea that you're basically saying you were cheated on for two years.
It was traumatic. Mattock and the way you've bounced back as you climbed 50 mountains with your dog. That's pretty cool. That's a pretty cool way to sum it up.
Thanks, ma'am. Yeah, that's I guess it's kind of a crazy thing to share.
Yeah, it was it's been amazing. It's been a really amazing and if it wasn't for you know this dog, I felt like you know, I have he's a breed where if you don't run them and you don't work them constantly, I know there was a prior there was a prior collar that was making a pitch to a believe. It was like a they were thrown out dog breed like Weimer Reiner maybe or maybe it was like Greyhounds and they had described it as that breed being kind of like a cat like pretty chill.
Yes and gray has a recommended to me.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, this dog is the opposite like not chill and doesn't necessarily hang around. So I got to take them out for a solid like what a pretty miles a day.
Now, what kind of dog is that? Because that's I don't want that dog. What kind of dog do you have to walk eight miles a day with the top?
You don't want this dog? You know what this dog man. He is a Disney Blue Heeler and Collie mix with some got those hurting Tendencies, you know, like he The nip and run and small bursts of energy. So it's really great for the mountains and that was a way for us to get up there and really explore deep in the mountains and with a little four-legged partner who could actually keep up and give me a run for my money as well.
Yeah, so I've never heard of a Blue Heeler. My mother-in-law had a border collie and this dog it needed a lot like you said, but I was also super smart and it's pretty cool. So is this you walking up the mountain and it's like a bunch of rocks skitter. Does it go and try to like push all the Rocks into one corner and then stare at them to make sure they don't move again.
No. No, you definitely left me know whenever there's something that he can't get up which is always been interesting like he's got a pretty bizarrely large vocabulary of of different words that No, so when we're up in the mountains, it's kind of at the point where I can say up or stay or Cliff or lock and all of those mean different things in different contexts. So we'll be climbing up some really intense wall kind of ahead wall with a series of clips that are about as tall as like, you know a person five six two six foot so I gotta get him up on a Ledge and then I got crawl up myself to make sure he doesn't go anywhere. He doesn't do anything.
He's not going to leap off the edge or rolling. Xerox or chase after any mountain goats? And so the two of us to kind of slowly work our way up over, you know these different obstacles and he's just really been pretty amazing to work with because it's my first dog never had any pets growing up. So it felt like this really kind of intimate intense experience while we've been exploring these places together now, although I also could be one more vote for a greyhound.
Are you I think that would be a really amazing dog for your fam who knows a jump on the dog pile will say, you know, maybe maybe it's worth looking at jump on the Dogpile.
Well done with the pun sir. This isn't so you had you told me you were going up these mountains with dogs and in my mind, I'm thinking that this must mean that they're these are mountains that have like paths where you can just sort of grab a hiking stick and go up to the peak with your dog. Like there's pre-established.
Tales from what you just described about all these commands and running into loose mountain goats and cliffs. This sounds more like you're actually climbing mountains like like in that Colorado way.
Totally it's totally that there's a lot of mountains that are much easier as far as you know, you just have some hiking poles and they're beautiful Rolling Meadows of grasses, but there's a lot, you know, there's a there's a point where you get over a hundred mountains and those things just feel so boring after awhile. Like you just want anything to scramble over or a cliff to look off of or some wind to pick up and kind of anything to happen up there. So the more exciting Ventures that we look forward to now or the mountains that are definitely a little more a little more serious and there's a point where you just can't take a dog on some routes and it's just too scary.
But yeah for the most part out there it's like you're doing like free solo with your dog.
It's like free solo with the dog.
Yeah, I mean, oh man. Oh my gosh, there is some dog. And I know in the state that there was one dog who recently did all of the 49ers and there's eight that I mean, you got a rope your dog up and you got to drag them up the side of a little of a couple of drops that are pretty severe you've done that and I noticed dogs out there that have done that my dog has not done that this is not the Alex Honnold of of mountain climbing of dog that movie.
Always hides are not my thing. They never happen. No and whenever I seen a movie liquid when you see like these Mission Impossibles and Tom Cruise is scaling that building in Dubai and then they have these overhead shots and you know, this lunatic actually did it and he's actually out there on the side of this building.
I like I'm filled with like I don't I just start like grabbing my arm rests and I've want to crawl out of my skin. My wife saw freestyle. She told me how amazing it was and then she told me what his bad. I guess I can't watch this guy. Fall off the side of a mountain it'll be just two hours of me being tent but you know what I did I was on a flight cross-country and I saw they had it on there and I was like, that's the way I can watch free solo on a tiny awful plane airplane screen because that way it won't have that like HD in the theater effect.
It'll just be this to I could make out the 3D and they got you and the sound system all making it onto its I'm like no I'll watch it on. Four inch across plane screen. That way I can get the story see what it's about. But I won't have that effect that vertigo effect. It was ideal for me. There's people who strap their dogs into harnesses and hoist them up the side of a mountain. There's people who do that.
Oh, yeah, and there that's far crazier than wait. So did you end up seeing free solo on the airplane?
I did I watched free solo on an airplane and it was great. But I was so happy that I didn't have to sit there and I was still like sweating through my clothes with fear, but it wasn't the same as when you're in one of these these IMAX things and you feel like you're going to slide down the front of a mountain just because this guy decides he can't use a harness like a reasonable human being I will say when I saw There was only two other people in the theater and one of them was sitting right next to me and it was a person I was seeing and the other person was about five rows back and at the at the point where he gets to the boulder problem and you know what I'm talking about because that's the way he does that little that little leap in the middle of the wall that super super precarious.
Yes ever done it before and all these things the guy behind us. I realized his not only out of his seat, but he's he's heavily pacing back and and forth rubbing his hands together. So in the in the darkness of the theater, we kind of turned around. We just saw this guy having a tiny meltdown about four rows back taking it all in.
Yeah, it's too much.
That means he'll take down that movie freeze. Hello. It showed every fundamental difference between my wife when I it just exposed every single different.
I watch this she watches movies she comes home. She's like it's just inspiring tale of this guy tapping into Everything within the human Spirit to overcome mental and physical obstacles. She's all inspired. I came home.
I'm like this selfish ass haul he's got something to prove so he's got to go up and thinking now everybody is trying to just enjoy their day in the National Park might have to watch this guy just eat it and die because he needs attention every aspect of our differences in life. We're supposed man. Was there anything Thing that surprised you about like when she came back and describe it know that you were like, what are you even talking? Like? Did we even see the same film?
Well, she saw it first she suffer.
So I had heard her. She she was loving it. She was really gushing that and I understand why but also my wife, you know her job, you know, she's badass. She was a professional aerialist for many years. Like she was effectively like a professional athlete and acrobat who expressed it through dance.
So she's like that was her job to fly.
Down from the sky in a giant warehouse space and like do backflips in front of people as part of these crazy experimental shows. So that's her life. And that's her mentality and me. I stay firmly planted on the ground in all areas of life. I I don't take many physical risks. I'm more the type of person to take a severe emotional risk publicly and then sit me aftermath of that for years.
That's me, but I'll stay on the ground while I emotionally destroy myself for public consumption. Thank you very much.
And what a good time to pause for an ad break because I think if you've if you've listened to this show even in passing, I think you'd agree. I just summed myself up pretty well. I'm a guy who likes to stay firmly planted on the ground while I emotionally destroy myself. That should be on my Tombstone ladies gents. Anyway, check out the ads will be right back.
We all know making small changes can be really positive can have a healthy effect on your lifestyle the right towel turns a bathroom into a spa you can make all these upgrades with Brooklyn and you know Brooklyn and as the internet's favorite sheets, but they're also home to betting loungewear towels and more with over 50,000 plus five star reviews and Counting now, they have everything for Life Essentials shower curtains bath mats, robes totes final details.
That helped you make a big upgrade just this very morning. I stepped out of the shower and I stepped onto a Brooklyn and bath mat and it felt good under my feet to the degree that I noticed. I hadn't realized it was the Brooklyn and one that was out. And before I even look down I said, that's Brooklyn and right there then I grabbed myself a whole Good Old Brooklyn and towel and I dried myself off and I felt great about it is it's thick its fluffy. It works. I love it love my Brooklyn and stuff high quality stuff. You can hear my voice. This is real. All Brooklyn and. Com. It's the perfect place to start making small changes that make big differences Brooklyn and so confident in their product that all their sheets comforters loungewear and towels come with a lifetime warranty.
So go on make yourself comfortable get 10% off your first order and free shipping when you use the promo code stories only at Brooklyn and. Com. That's be Roo KLA any n. Com promo code stories and how New Yorkers if you're listening you can get the internet's favorite sheets in real life. Visit Brooklyn's first store in Brooklyn at 127 Ken Evan Williamsburg, Brooklyn and Then you need to live your most comfortable life.
Thanks so much to all of our advertisers. Let's get back to the conversation.
That's me, but I'll stay out of the ground while I emotionally destroying myself for public consumption. Thank you very much. Now, can I ask you some hard substantial difference a big difference? Yes. Now we're 20 minutes in we've talked a lot about your dog celebrity dog on hear more about that dog parkour climbing mountains.
I do want to ask if it's okay all of this seems to be rooted. In this relationship that I have to imagine.
When you're when you're dating someone you said you dated for three years and found out that for two of those years. She'd been cheating. I do want to hear a little bit about that experience because I would imagine that that's that's got a fundamentally sort of shift your relationship with the world and how you trust people and all sorts of stuff like that.
Yeah, yeah, it was truly mind-blowing one of the most helpful things in therapy that we had done was my therapist who is wonderful and y'all if you haven't gone to therapy yet. You don't need a reason just go it's incredible. If you're in a place where that can happen at Esa for therapy is amazing, but the most helpful activity that she had me do was Write out a giant squid huge piece of paper and write out a timeline of all the things that I thought had happens based on the lies that I was told and then we kind of walked back through the last two years and a lot of significant events.
And what was actually happening or lies that I was told and I think the most staggering piece of it was the Web of Lies that my partner or my ex-partner had created. It was really so elaborate. It one example was to not go on a date or see me when weekend she made up an excuse that she that her Grandpa had died and that she had to go to this military funeral for him.
Now. I'll say there's only a handful of places where you can be buried in a military-grade site and there, you know certain spots around the country and one of them is a don't believe in Colorado and certainly not in the small town that she had mentioned and instead of just telling me what was going on instead.
I'd made this whole dinner and got all dressed up and we had all these plans and just very much ended up just getting completely ghosted and then getting a text about five hours later saying, hey, my grandpa had died and I'm with the family and she gave me all these details that were so hyper specific it was things Like, you know how my how her mom looked at the funeral what food they ate and it turns out that none of that had happened at all. And she was actually out on a date with somebody from like a dating app that evening in town about two miles away from me while that was happening and she continued to string me along. Wow, there really has has shifted how I how I've dated and how I've interacted with people and how I felt about myself within a relationship. I think it's been really bizarre and really deep the levels at which I have gone to kind of rebuild myself and rebuild my identity and kind of decide very specifically what I do and do not want in a relationship.
So she it sounds like so it's not like she was like having an affair with one other person it was this was a habitual. Oh, wow, I believe I believe the final count that she told me was over 20 people. So it's not even like it was almost like she was maybe addicted to the thrill of being with new people that wanted the safety of, you know, having that emotional support with me and I was just so deeply in love with this person that Was yeah, I just would have you know, I would have believed anything. She told me in a lot of ways I did. I just kind of you know, and I'm very much somebody who thrives one-on-one and feels my strongest in a monogamous relationship and it was very clear after all that that those are not things that that person values and it's something that I really ended up doubling down on and feeling really more serious about as far as you know, I really need those things. I need monogamy. I need honesty need communication. And you know, of course those are things that are on any list, but now I know that in a way that you know, it's not just words. It's getting a true need and a requirement for me to be comfortable in a relationship.
How did you find out? How did all finally come to light? Oh, that was the dirty Story. How is it bad? That was just an unfortunate situation, but I had several friends that were on and on different dating apps and I got a couple screenshots over the course of a couple days where she actually ended up messaging with one of the people that I'm friends with and the messages were very forward. We'll put it that way from her and of wanting to meet up and wanting to hang out and see didn't know that he was one of my friends so he sent me. Screenshots and kind of started to put things together and it all came to a head and blew up.
So she's she's on there. It's her picture on the map. She's in the local area. She's not going far so it so wow even chat finally counters a friend and your friend sees the picture and it's like what the hell is this? I know this person. Yeah.
Yeah, all of that. All of that is pretty mind-blowing. So I think it's like that the trauma of just starting to realize how many of these like really elaborate lies were not true and walking. Through the yeah, the last two years just with this completely different light it was you know, so that that original activity was telling about as far as like putting up a timeline of what I thought was true in a timeline of what was objectively like empirically in the world. What was happening was just such a paradigm shift. That was like all these things that I had been convinced were real were not real and all these things that I've been convinced. We're not real were real. And so many things that flipped upside down that I just I mean I I just was a mess for a solid year after that and living alone was not helpful. I was really glad to kind of move out of that situation and try out something new.
That's and actually you know, what I did was I finally about nine months later decided that I'd always wanted to try living in a tiny home / maybe a van / maybe a camper and so after this after this healing had begun I sold everything I owned for the second time in my life. And I moved into a tiny camper on the back of a gigantic gigantic truck that is out with my answer strikingly, Colorado and deal with this a very Colorado way to deal with your situation and it cannot tell you Chris. Don't do it.
I think about my dog had no space. I like to do art and do art I like to do yoga couldn't do yoga. I like to be warm couldn't warm up and I'm about as mechanical as a pickle. So like I when stuff broke I didn't know what I was doing. It was just a terrible. It was a long dark cold ass. Six no seven months.
So for anybody out there who has this vision of living like the Alexander Supertramp into the wild life. You're saying thumbs down one star.
Mom Instagram is just marketing. Just remember that's all a dirty lie. You're still pooping in a bucket every morning. How long were you living in the camp for pooping in the bucket? Seven months and also add the caveat my dumbass ended up getting into this camper situation with like the tail end of some depression, but also early winter like we're talking in Colorado.
Yeah, and like, you know, I'm I'm gonna I'm in the largest city. So go figure we all get has nearly as much snow as the mountains do but man it gets it gets cold. It's cold here in the winter and I had a battery died on the third night and boy I tell you I couldn't buy enough propane. That wasn't enough propane to heat me up in the world. So the in my dog spooning under a layer of synthetic sleeping bags just looking deep into each other's eyes and Whispering. Why why?
Well glad we're laughing about it now, but that so three days into this effort to live this romantic Off the Grid life to heal your wounds heal your heart break three nights in your like cuddling with your dog going. Oh no.
Oh, no, man, and I was like actually staying right outside of the place where I used to live because it's on a road that's pretty kind of industrial. So there's warehouses and there was other they're called bun. Lockers, so people who are in town not paying for resources living out of their camper. There was other camper livers and Van dwellers on the street and I remember thinking like well, that'll be an easy segue because I'm familiar with the area.
It sucked. It was the worst and we were just freezing freezing freezing and even on the nice days man. I'll tell you it's just not a comfortable lifestyle. It gives you a lot of access to drive around and travel and you know have your home with you, but if you're not willing to To kind of put in the time and the effort to get very very well-versed in a lot of smaller fixes and mechanical knowledge. It is truly a tremendous series of disadvantages and all the love to people who can make it work. I just can't even imagine doing that with another person.
I mean, oh my goodness when I see when I see people on on social media that are a couple Dynamic and they're living in like 25 square feet. I'm just I'm just so off truck and dumbfounded by that. I mean that's a level of relationship. I hope I can get to in my life. But man I could hardly stand being with my dog in 25 square feet 24/7 man.
I have to imagine to you know, you move into the situation because you got some healing to do your foundations been shook. I'm sure early in this camp like camper life. You're not looking to date. There's a lot of wounds that need to go first, but At some point in those seven months. You must be thinking maybe you're out at a bar you like.
She's like you want to go back to my place and you're like, yeah. I just warn you though. There's a little bucket of Frozen feces. Is that cool with you?
That is a that is like a Verbatim seem really out of my out of my life. Not like dating also interacting with just different people in your community, right? I think even catching up with with friends or just seeing people that are regularly saw was always just got out the window because it'd be like, well, can I sleep on your driveway?
Because I'm here and it's like a nother level of awkward because his bike Waking up with you on the couch, but they got a tank with a guy in a dog sleeping in and parked in their half of their driveway and they don't know how to tell me to go away and are your friends worried about your friends like man, he got the rug pulled out from under him on the relationship and now he's living in a van with a dog in our driveway.
Are you friends concerned but I have to feel like I mean The Stereotype in Colorado is that this is this would be less unusual than certainly where I live in New York that it's a little bit more of the the fabric of the lifestyle there.
Sure. Yeah. I definitely have one friend out of out of the many that I told about this that we're all like, this is a great idea like knowing you you should do this you're going to do great but I did have one friend after day three when I called him and it was the land of darkness and icicles and and he's got space with me but he was like, yeah, I think this is the worst idea you've ever had and you've had some bad ideas and that was the one person that Now if I ever have a wild wild ass idea, that's the person that the friend I hit up to say. Hey man, this how bad of an idea is this. I need your honest opinion isn't that he was the only person said that kind that fraternity when you find that friend in your life who's willing to go like you're fucking up.
Sorry Sally, but you're fucking up right now. Oh, yeah when you get to a certain age and experience level in life where you're like, oh I will hold that person. So close to the vest. Just because you need that person in your life.
You need that person and I think to this is something that I you know, the other men that I find myself drawn to for friendship something that we have talked about in almost all of my clothes many of friendship have been that as an adult it is difficult to create meaningful deep adult friendships with other adults.
As we get older I've found that to be a little bit of a struggle and something that other men and my immediate peer group tend to run into as well. And you know, we kind of kind of tend to maybe shrink into or fold more comfortably into you know, our relationship Dynamics, but when it comes down to a lot of outside community and building that can sometimes be difficult depending on you know, what your job is and what your personality type is and things like that. So that was all A reality of like not only being in this tiny horrible tin box and having trouble, you know picking up a lady. There you go on a Tinder date and say hey, well, my house is right on the curb. Do you want to come with it that and I also talked about like just kicking it with homies just finding a way to you know interact with people that involved in activity always instead of you want to just like kick it and you know, eat some food and watch a movie at somebody's house because that meant I was always Over at somebody's somebody's house is always imposing right and then there's times where you can feel that they kind of just want to go to bed.
But they feel like they can't because they're like, I don't want to kick him back to the broken-down truck. He's chosen to live in.
Yeah. Yeah, you get to know these gyms around town really? Well that dinky dude coming into he doesn't ever work out but boy uses about half our water every time he comes in. Yeah, there's people who do that new.
Sometimes you'll see like in the outer boroughs like Queens where I live like out in the deeper parts that are less pilot. You'll see like an RV parked on the curb and you start to with others people in New York City who have a gym membership so they can shower and they're living out of an RV in New York City.
It's wild. Yeah, that's not that's another level. I wonder if some ways it must be easier than what you described though. Some I just popped up and down to ever do it again. I'm just a simple. I'm a simple dude. I mean, I don't need much like I don't as far as like water like just give me a jug of water. I don't need a water pump.
I don't even think I don't be a black water tank and I don't want to mess with any of it. I'll poop in a bucket as long as that bucket isn't an actual flushing toilet that I then have to take a week's worth of Duke and find a place to dump it and it was all so bizarrely expensive. There's little things like, you know dump in your your waist.
Something and the truck was insanely expensive to fill up at me. If your respect to every time I see somebody and F350 because you know, they're filling up their tank for like $150 worth of diesel that's taken them about six miles down the road before they have to fill up again. It's just not I don't know why anybody would want a Supercar efficient gas emissions vehicle.
I was just going to say I think for a lot of people who are like respect to all those F-150 He's pumping $150 worth of diesel feel like any Colorado environmentalist.
You would think other people would be like no stop doing that. Stop pumping $150 worth of diesel. I hated it. I should have moved into a Prius.
Every time I see somebody that's a reasonable length for a person to sleep in the back that's changing how you look at all vehicles you can I sleep in that.
Yes.
Otherwise, I'm not in yes, help the environment live out of an electric car when your life crumbles. Yeah.
Now wait, I want to hear Tesla truck rolls out.
Yeah.
Yes where no one can smash your windows. Oh, wait, everyone can smash your windows. Now, I All you needed I got to ask you I got to ask you and I don't want to keep bringing it back to the painful part, but when you don't know so you get these screen grabs.
And yeah sounds like there's probably been a bunch of stuff over the past two years Rio like, oh this thing that made me think I was crazy actually makes a lot more sense now.
What what's that conversation? Like when you sit down is is your ex-partner trying to find a way out of it or trying to deny it at first or is it just like well the jig's up let me tell you that I have I seem to it sounds like she had some sort of addiction type issue going on. I would have to imagine.
And what a good time to pause because that's a cliffhanger. I bet we've all been wondering about that.
How did that conversation go down here all about that and more when we get back.
Have you ever needed a doctor late at night or while traveling? I know this feeling I travel all the time travel all the time. You get on a plane you feel fine. You get off the plane and all of a sudden something's hitting you you're in a city that you don't know it can be scary. Right? That's why I tell the doc gives you 24/7 access to board certified doctors anytime anywhere for non emergency conditions, like a sinus infection allergies flu rashes and more that are board certified doctors can diagnose treat.
And prescribed medication when medically necessary to be delivered to the pharmacy of your choice tell the doc is available through most insurance or employers at $45 or less a visit no appointments. No waiting rooms. None of those germy urgent cares or expensive trips to the ER one of tell the docs testimonial States.
I am an RN and I have little time for personal issues. Let alone being sick while caring for the ill this service called me after setting up an account and requesting and MD visit in minutes the service is actually amazing and I only wish I would have utilized it sooner. There's a great review for you.
Tell the doc is here to get you back to feeling your best no matter when or where you are download the app today or visit Tela doc. Com stories to register today. So you're ready when you need a doctor's care or schedule a doctor visit today. Don't forget to download the app or visit Tela doc. Com stories.
Thank advertisers for helping this show to exist and now let's finish off the phone call.
It sounds like she had some sort of addiction type issue going on.
I would have to imagine there is definitely an interesting piece of you know, how do I approach this? And what does that conversation look like?
And how do we tackle that?
So I ended up just Callin her and during that time to wrap the story up. She had not responded and so for almost a month or two after I had sent that text and was like Hey, you know, I kind of knew what was going on and I started put this all together like, you know said it said a lot of mean things and out of anger and hurt and Shera. Responded in kind and ended up getting very very defensive as a result.
And basically we just completely ghosted and we didn't talk for almost another year and a half after that roof recently. And this this is a little bit of catharsis and a little bit of cleaning up in early 2020 that have been really thankful for in some healing. That's come of this was I was on the old one of the old dating apps and who do I see go by is my ex's face and I remember kind of staring at it and deciding, you know, here's that opportu actually laughed was Mira's my response was like kind of a crazy laughter. I was like, why is she back on here? And like is she cheating on the person that she's now with like what is going on and I ended up swiping right? Which means yes and we matched so I sensed she sent me a message the next morning men. Said her no I said her one that said well and she wrote back well, and then all I had was vitriol Chris. I only had a lot of mean not okay things to say and so I ended up just writing a message of I don't think I have anything nice to say and we don't have anything to talk about and I signed off and blocked her and then about 10 minutes later. I got an email that was her apologizing and saying I'd like to apologize to you in person. And and explain kind of what had happened.
And again, I had all this, you know, despite all this therapy in this actually had PTSD therapy and EMDR therapy and all these different things despite all that and still carrying around. I was surprised by how much baggage I had been carrying with me while I was moving through those steps that following period of Silence between the two of us.
And so I you know begun to respond in this really- kind of Subway and ended up sending this message back and then about 20 minutes later was just being eaten up about it, you know questioning why I responded some brashly and so quickly, so I wrote back like listen. I apologize as much iron to apologize about that mean message and maybe it would be cathartic to just spend 10 20 minutes and watch you actually, you know, say I'm sorry in person and so we did end up meeting up Target parking lots are really a great place for Are emotional people that we break things down and the thing that was helpful was you know, wait, why why why you can't say that?
I don't know what it is. It's like the the standardization of it if you were the lights and just like the you know, there's like the random gas station. There's at least one person. Needing a full meal in their car. There's one person smoking like three cigarettes in their cut. This is something nice about the fact you can just pull up in this public neutral zone that has no emotional attachment to it. And just unload wait time check how much time do we have?
We have 17 minutes left. I was hoping you were going to say well that just happened to be where my home was broken down at the time was the Target parking lot.
No, I had since I have been smoothed out of the moved out of the camper and and into to a smaller house nice.
So you are living in a house.
Now you have you have a home now that I am in a brick-and-mortar structure know and I love it. I love it. I love it in a way. I never thought I would love it again. But yeah, I will say to wrap this story upset. Yeah, he did own all of the things that had happened and I had this whole list of questions and mysteries about you know, what was a lie and what wasn't We never had that closing conversation of like what what was going on like what was happening and she was able to kind of break that down and just sat there and and stuck it out. And I think she had done a lot of growing and a lot of healing as well. So it ended up being a very healthy thing in the long run. I'll be it extremely difficult. I mean there is a lot of a lot of Tears still some name-calling but a lot of healing came out of that as well just being able to talk about, you know, specifically this scenario like what was happening when you know, I she called me up wasted one night and told me that most of the things that she had been kind of creating as far as like her dead grandpa or her car breaking down or being stuck in a snowstorm.
On the other side of the state all these just bizarre excuses and kind of elaborate lies about like what she was actually up to and what was going on or who she was with and what you know, all these little specifics of like I just never found out what the answers to those things where and it just ate me up and it just was something I couldn't get closer on because I just had no venue to find out what had happened.
It was stuff. I just couldn't get over because the lies were so elaborate and kind of That's fascinating because I guess when I think about it, when you're when this some that goes on so long.
It's like on some level. I think we can all imagine. Oh my trust feels violated my heart feels broken. You must sit there and wondered what is it about me? That is an adequate, but the all those things at the end of the day, I think our heel a little easier because what you're describing is when something like this happens, it's like oh you actually In an effort to protect your own hidden Behavior you let me think I was crazy you let me you. Let me think I didn't have a total grip on reality because things seemed so strange and you always had a reason and I sat there for years.
with this tenuous grasp on what was going on that that must feel really scary outside of all the Romantic implications of being cheated on that is the most concise reflection that has been thrown back at me since the story has wrapped up and I appreciate you saying that it was scary as hell man.
It truly was like deeply disturbing because there was just so many pieces of My reality that I was realizing. We're just not actually a thing so many pieces of reality that I thought were a certain way and then I found out But they were not that way at all and that disturbance in facts is really upsetting and really strange as well.
And I actually think I might be maybe more sensitive than the average bear something that I am also heading into in 2020 is that I haven't spoken with my my birth dad in over 10 years now. The extradited amount of my life. He had a history of cheating on our family and you know, I still don't have the facts when I was growing up. He was a traveling salesman and when my parents divorced it was probably 10 years past due but it was primarily because we started to kind of my my mom and my brother and I started to piece together the fact that yeah that he had been.
Not if not cheating, but at the very least, you know cheating but maybe also had a lot more going on like potentially a an entire second family that had started about five years prior to their divorce and just that just that complete mind-blowing and World flipping of kind of recognizing like Oh My My father is not a good man. This is not somebody that I necessarily even once in my sphere or any of my immediate. People's sphere and he was quick to temper and maybe not the greatest human on the planet, but I think like the overlap of what had happened with with my ex and you know, some prior traumas piled on top of each other. It was extremely upsetting in a way that maybe it wouldn't have been if it was just you know, the single isolated event that when you say you extradited them.
Is that are you just is that just the word you're using or did you have like legal proceedings to remove him? From your life.
It's a word I'm using but I you know, I have cut off all contact and so is my my mom so is my brother and it's just at the point where you know, we started to kind of put all these things together and yeah just completely cut them out. So I've gotten two or three letters from over the years maybe gotten some emails that have missed but you have never responded to anything and it's now been probably four or five years since I've actually heard anything from them, but that's Much something that I'm interested in after the experience of kind of, you know, forgiving my ex for all these things and these lies in these experiences that we had gone through with the the physical weight that was lifted off. My shoulders was so tremendous. The feeling of lightness was just so real and I'd read things and I'd heard things about what it feels like to really forgive somebody. It hurt you deeply and you know what that experience was like but to actually experience it myself like physically feel the weight lifted and the stress leave my body over the course of the next two or three days of processing that conversation was so wonderful and overwhelming that that is something you know, that that forgiveness on those deeper levels of something I am going to be looking at hopefully will be actually potentially We driving through my dad's town where he lives in on the west coast and the next month. So I think I'm at the point where I'm going to be reaching out to him for the first time in 10 years to just see if we can grab some coffee and conversation looks like because you know, if the if the feeling of forgiveness from somebody who you know wasn't their best possible selves over the course of two years with me but like that and seeing if that feeling of forgiveness with so so intense and so like from just that experience and I'm interested in starting to parse out what that conversation could look like with somebody, you know helped birth me dad is What an intense turn this took at the end.
That's what a beautiful thing to hear. You went through something very hard to give you actual PTSD that you need to therapy for but taught you the value of forgiveness and maybe at the end of the day. Your ex has handed you this gift that allow you to. Kind of close the loop on an even more foundational relationship that needs forgiveness. That's I hope so man.
I hope so, that would be a nice Arc. I'm sure but you know what even outside of like the ark and like writing The Narrative of what it could be.
I have to imagine even just on a basic level no matter how it goes removing any like romantic fantasizing about what the story will become. It's like the fact that you are now a Up who's been through stuff and handled stuff and learn how to deal with it and to go back into your Dad's life. Now that it's on your terms as an adult.
I think even if you wind up in a blowout fight where the issues don't get resolved, That's going to feel like you were able to take that sense of agency on your own in a way that's going to be gratifying even if even if you're like, you know what this went poorly and you didn't apologize for thing. At least you're not a kid anymore wondering where your dad is. You're a grown-up Waltzing in it his town going. I'm here. This is not because you sent me an e-mail. It's because I have decided it's time to sit down and talk just that alone. Sounds like taking a hot shower, you know.
Yeah, yeah, that was very well put and I think that might have been the extra push and a little boost I needed to to kind of make this happen. So I think I'm going to be doing that and I appreciate you saying that because that is very much not something. I'm think I'm in my early 30s and actually I've got questions from you. I think about a lot about kind of the you know, if you're breaking up your life by a decade.
So, you know, you're in your 20s and for me is twenties was very much about like partying and traveling's having a Riley has time. I possibly can I spent four years in my early twenties hitchhiking around freight train hopping around the country, Colorado in the house. How are you baby? I would love love it. We only have six minutes.
I've always been fascinated with the whole freight train lifestyle, which we wish I knew you got a lot to talk about man.
Wow, but no, no my early thirties in them. You know, I'm self-employed. I've got this job. I really like and you know, I'm in this house and I got the I got the tiny home junk out of my system and I'm feeling you know certain to heal up and I'm looking for that my 30s and I'm thinking like what kind of what kind of man do I want to be? What kind of adult do I want to be in if we're breaking up by the decade I get to talk with with you in you know, as here as the cream up on 40.
Oh God. What advice? Oh, gosh about that you could pass along to those of us that are just now beginning beginning the day boat Journey towards the end towards the end. I heard he feels old. I'm not gonna lie it terrifies me, but you know, I look around and I think like, you know early 30s also feels old and kind of terrifies me, but you know now I'm flattered that you think I'm flattered that I would be someone you look to for advice.
I'm flattered I just to say The fact that I have now officially become someone who people in their 30s look to me for the wisdom of the of the elders.
Career for a while and I just really really believe in what you're doing and I know people have said this a lot of different calls that really truly man. You're doing some incredible.
Yeah.
Thanks and I say that I say that you know and ask for this advice because I respect your work and I love what you've been building and I love what you've been doing. Thanks, and I'm asking for that more than hey you old crusty man what he got?
Which is also true because that's largely how I behave and Grumble about my age at the sir.
I would say this man.
Here's the honest truth is what I'll say is my 30s were significantly better and more fun and more interesting than my 20s and I'm coming up on 40 and I hope that that continues I think the how would I say it like I think in your 20s and the first half of your 30s you have this constant feeling of like well what have I done? What have I accomplished and what have I done enough? And am I holding up to the standards of where Society wants you and all those things in my my career and my making enough money and I made no Headway. Should I be married by now? Why aren't I distant and Bubba and I just felt like in my 30s. I started to realize that all of those questions were sort of artificial and imposed upon me and they weren't actually questions I had about myself.
And my 30s became the stretch of my life where I think I started honestly asking myself the questions that defined my life versus my 20s, which was so much more about worrying about what everybody else was thinking and then you realize oh, nobody's worried. Nobody's actually worried about it me. These are just questions we get from movies and from the way we're taught in schools and all the sort of all the sort of standards that life imposes. Is on us just because life does that and the 30s your 30s is when you finally get to go. Wait, hold on.
When I stopped worrying about who everyone else wants me to be who do I want to be and answering those questions was so much more gratifying process than ever knew and my 30s.
So much better and more fun and more gratifying than my 20s hands down being in your 30s is great. And you're physically that's what I'll say to you're a guy who likes to climb mountains and whatnot. And I will say this is just genuine. Maybe it's a little cliche. But as I come up on 40, the one one of the things there's a few things. My hairline is starting to go really bad worse than it already has been so that makes me insecure but also, Like your 30s you get to finally be a human being who's well rounded and figuring it out for yourself, but you still physically aren't hurting all the time. I'm 39 now and it's starting to become a thing where my back hurts every day. Like I jammed my finger four days ago and I haven't been able to wear my wearing my wedding ring because my finger is so swollen just won't heal.
So no.
No your 30s are a beautiful Middle Ground where you have all the physical ability of your 20s and all that agency that will come as you get There as far as being in charge of your own life, enjoy your 30s, enjoy your 30s.
Ed with said with some real grapes.
Thank you for that my best no way when you're we got two minutes left, but I gotta know when you're riding around in freight trains this hold like sort of get through on the Chris gethard show just know it really does go that fast, but this is not ma'am.
I can't two minutes when you talk to us.
But we are you out there reading all the hobo graffiti and stuff and find it or is that like old-school Is that real?
Oh and your time talking freight train?
Yeah, I've always and fascinated by freight train people not so much the graffiti.
Well, yes, and no, so there's certain tags that different people have they'll put a certain sign or they'll put a certain name up and when you are in it for long enough, so I prayed trained hop non-stop for two years and during that time you get to know people. Nobody has normal quote unquote normal names that they were born with the folks have names like Wishbone and Knuckles and and chicken foot.
And slimeball and you start looking for those tags when you're getting on these freight trains and different cities because then you know, you know that your community had been there at least somebody that you knew or you recognized have been there or you know, you look for those little signs in different places, you're hiding out while you're waiting to get on the freight train because half the game is just waiting and the other half is just sitting on the loudest vehicle. You can possibly imagine trying to have a yelling conversation with the person that's on the next car up from you.
Yeah, try a Dodge those yard Bulls so that you can latch on it real man, and it's terrifying.
I mean you really got to get sneaky and and be comfortable folding yourself into tiny little spaces with an instrument and a backpack and another human an instrument about it.
Yeah, get us used to travel with a banjo used to ride freight trains with a banjo all over the country. We're going to pause it. I'm gonna give you a couple extra minutes because I'm so I've always been fascinated by freight train. I got a couple questions so used to go sit in the yard with the banjo dodging the yard Bulls. Are you eating that like beans out of a can over an open fire?
How real is this?
As far as this old-school? Hobo lifestyle we get update.
Let's update this this view a little bit. So it was a bag of Taco Bell. Being in bright burrito the buddy with a broken accordion a friend with a harmonica that he could play with his nostrils and me on a banjo and I could barely play six chords and you better believe we can make some damn good music out of out of an evening waiting for the freight train. So it was like drunken updated 2020 Woody Guthrie dreams. We were living but and they were good dream.
It was some good some good years.
And from what I hear some of the freight some of the train employees their job is to get you out of there and they can be real rough on you and rough you up. But I've also heard that some of the train guys are so into the train culture that there's a begrudging not even begrudging there's sort of like a quiet love of the culture where some of the train guys will actually look out for those people traveling.
I will say we never I never expand into the larger yards and we're talking like a Kansas City being is that it's just as massive Junction for the entire country. Right? Like if you're a if you're trying to move a load on a freight from West Coast to East Coast, you inevitably go through a st. Louis or Kansas City and those yards man their miles a miles and miles miles. Like if you end up on a train that gets buried somewhere deep in there. Like there's no way you're getting out without somebody at the minimum seeing you and making eye contact with you.
And that's where those Bulls you know the stories that I still hear every once in a while about somebody getting caught somebody getting beaten up somebody getting arrested. Whatever the thing is. They always in those massive yards, but I never had to be honest. I just heard I've never had the balls to go in those bigger yard.
It's almost almost exclusively small town little pickups places where you know, it's called siding where a train we'll just stop for a little while and oftentimes the engineer and the conductor will pop out and then they'll get it. You engineer and a new conductor to climb in and then the Takes the Train on to the next stop about six to eight hours away, but you know those kind of places where where where I really try to focus and like specialized and get that good at, you know, when they're leaving and how they're leaving and what kind of cars they have and maybe where they're going and there is quite a bit of secret beta also that's floating around out there to which that was an entire.
I mean truly inaccessible in an era where you can get them Reddit and pretty much fine. I doubt you know anything that you need or like there's the Dark Net and find out the info that you need, but this doesn't exist. As far as I know except for I want a closed mouth. I loved your whole story was fascinating we could have talked about this for now any other freight train riders out there calling.
Did you I got one more question about the freight trains and then one more to end the call. Did you never know about this tag Bozo tixi know?
So technique and that is not that is not ringing a bell. There's like what do we need to know about Glitz?
There's these chalk tags on the freight trains and you know it some of the freight train graffitis like what you think with spray cans with some of its just chalk markings and there's a guy who for over 60 years has been writing his name Bozo texe know and I've always found it. Very fascinating. Anyway, maybe someday we'll talk more about the train life in the meantime Okay, so we've heard your story about lost love heard about your dad.
It is to travel with a banjo on freight trains for years. You lived out of a carved shitting in a bucket for seven months. You've climbed 50 mountains with your dog. You're clearly someone who has done a lot of soul-searching and he said in the beginning because I recently your dog is becoming Famous Final question.
What did your dog do that made your dog blow up? What was it that you got on film that made this dog experience two things two things first.
I just couldn't help myself and I just looked up who is Bozo Tech scene. Oh and just so you know, there's a DVD out there that you can find and purchase you could find out who Bozo text, you know is yes, I've wanted to see that documentary called who is Bozo taxi.
No. It's a whole investigation. Nation into who could be doing this. Yeah. I haven't seen it yet. I've wanted to for years gonna be looking that up soon.
And then the thing that he got famous for was jumping over things. So he's really really your dog not Bozo takes, you know your dog, not both no texting. No no my dog, so he's really good at that story would have been funny both no taxi, no gets famous for weaving over bike racks. No, my dog is really Urban bark. Core bark or not parkour.
Yeah. Yeah, exactly. So he's gotten a little bit of love from people just watching them jump over Planters and run along walls a special bike rack do it do it all.
Thank you. I think a dog jumping over a wall is what we what we all maybe need a little bit of right now your dad your dad betrayed your family your girlfriend betrayed you living in a van couldn't solve it.
You didn't find the answers. You need it out there on those lonely roads rails of America, you've climbed to 50 mountaintops and not one of those mountaintops contained the answer and who knew it was all in getting a dog to jump over a big fucking Flower pot with the answers get none, beautiful.
Anonymous was truly the highlight of my year. I can't tell you how happy this made me know. Thank you for everything you do man.
I mean really, thank you.
Thank you, and I hope you keep it up. That's super nice.
Yeah. Thanks so much to you and your dog and good luck with me and your dad and all and everything. Thanks for being honest, and I'm sorry that you Out with that infidelity sounds really bad and thank you for all your crazy stories.
Thank you Chris. You are the man.
Call or thank you. I hope everything goes well.
Like I said at the end, they're really hope that conversation with your dad turns out alright hearing that hearing your experience with forgiveness and how you have forced into a bad situation that taught you how to forgive that was eye-opening and really beautiful and I hope it continues to unfold in that that goes really well.
Thanks for sharing all your crazy stories much.
Love to you and your dog Urban Barker.
Is the future of the one that's not forget. Thank you to Jared O'Connell and the meat of Flores in the booth.
Thank you to Shell Shack the music One know more about me when I'm on the road and where you can get tickets to beautiful.
Come on Thomas. Just get that cam.
If you like the show go to Apple podcast rate when you subscribe really helps when you do and so much and we'll see you next time.
An American living in China describes what it was like living with his other half's entire family for 3 weeks during the Coronavirus. He also shares the surprisingly romantic story of meeting his wife.
Everybody's been enjoying our beautiful follow-ups this year in great feedback. That's our bonus Series where we follow up we go back we check in with a bunch of the caller's that we can't forget the ones where I wonder what happened to him and the only place you can do that Stitcher premiums that your premium you can also get a whole bunch of live shows. You can't hear anywhere else.
You can get your episodes ad-free and you may notice that only the past few months of episodes are available and are back catalog will Guess what at Stitch premium there's over 200 episodes. They're all Hundred, so if you want to go revisit some old favorites or you're a new listener you want to catch up Stitch premiums the place to do it go to stitch a premium. Com sign up with the code stories for free month trial premium listening. That's Stitcher premium. Com.
The promo code is stories. You can't see of course, but what I'm holding here is the perfect chicken finger from Raising Cane's and the best way to describe Raising Cane's chicken fingers is the sound unique after that first bite Raising Cane's chicken fingers.
One Love Hello to everybody who still doesn't like Big Macs beautiful.
Now in this one hour and phone call. No names No Holds Barred.
Hi everybody Chris gethard coming at you from the Earwolf New York Studio during very strange week out. Everybody is safe and healthy out there. I took a Subway here hear me talk about in the course of the call. But New York is like a ghost town. I think a lot of us out. There are feeling like that and just genuinely I feel very connected to the listeners to the show. I met so many you guys and I hope everybody's just doing well and we've I've bought some equipment so I can do the show from home if things get bad and I just want to say not to be don't but people might be quarantined right now people might not be talking to too many other humans and I really hope that this show allows you to continue to feel like you get to have some conversation and some perspective and all that and makes me you know, one of the Silver Linings of a very tough times. It makes me feel very proud of this show. So thank you for that for anybody wondering about beautiful Canada Miss. We don't know if it's still on its mid-may. We're waiting to hear if the country and the city are allowing Gatherings of that size. Little on the venue the Bell House in Brooklyn were mostly shows taking place. So when we know you all know and I hope we still get to do it and if we don't because we all get to stay safe, that's fine, too. Anyway this call you're about to hear I think is a really good perspective and it landed in our laps. I'm talking to you on Friday March 13th. We're putting it out the Tuesday. You're listening this on the Tuesday right after if you download a came out we got a voice mail turns out it's from a long time listener. A who moved to China six months ago.
So the first half of this call I think is an extraordinarily eye-opening in human. Look at someone who was there in China as all of this coronavirus stuff started and even most importantly for I think a lot of us do here in the states someone who is now a month or so ahead of the curve and who can tell us how the hysteria has died down what things have settled into how people are remaining safe, but still Or maybe getting back to some normalcy in their lives and that felt to me like a very positive thing to hear the second half of the call. I will say is one of the great love stories we've ever heard on this show.
Just a true I start to point it out a story that if true love is real this story will be the proof of it. So the first half I think is very topical second half is very timeless. That's a combo that I think is pretty cool. Also want to say and we mentioned this during the course of the call. There are things going on in China that that really bother me whether that's hearing that there's concentration camps whether that's everything that happened in Hong Kong whether that's cyber warfare. Whatever that is.
I don't ask those questions because as the caller mentions he needs to be very respectful of what he says on a phone line in China, so, If you're listening going, how could you not ask about that? It was for the actual literal safety of the caller. Enjoy it.
Thank you for calling beautiful Anonymous a beeping noise will indicate when you are on the show with the host. Hello.
It happened like this, huh? That sounded awfully Sinister know I guess I just didn't know what to expect that feels like a real movie moment. Like so it happens like this like that feels like a like a movie where like federal agents been tracking some killer and then they finally face off in some in some dark corner so that so it happens like this.
Yeah, I mean that.
I mean not to 0 and hyperbole the things have been pretty crazy here lately. So it's I don't know maybe I'm just in that frame of mind explain that because I should mention so this is a voice mail call which we do it once in a blue moon.
And I know I know very little about I was just told they were going to connect you to somebody interesting situation, but I know very little about it. So when you say things are crazy here, what does that mean?
Well, And I'm in China. I moved here about six months ago. Oh and so I moved from the states. And yeah, I mean, it's definitely not as crazy here as it was a couple weeks ago. It's actually quite surreal to see things unfold and the rest of the world and to be on the other side of the butt. Yeah, it's just been you know, a lot of changes this year and then the whole, you know pandemic thing definitely through a bunch of things into the work.
So yeah, let's talk about that because just for anybody listening in the future we are currently speaking. It's mid March 20 2003 really just in the past. I would say 24 to 36 hours a true Panic has set in an America. They just can't Old major sporting events NCAA tournament the NBA canceled their season.
I'm a big fan of Big East basketball not only did the Big East conference cancel their tournament. They did it at halftime of a game. They told the players don't even walk back out on the court like this is real panic. I just took the subway here. It was nearly empty the streets of New York are you know the streets of New York are never going to be empty but they are slowed down to a point where you notice it and it feels weird and you are in China. Unaware I think a lot of people say that that everything started unfolding in regards to this Coronavirus.
Yeah.
Yeah. I mean I am, you know, I I still have contact with people in New York, but I would be curious to hear a little more about just like what the difference in the day-to-day there is because I was in the city for 10 years and apart from like Christmas morning and maybe some like rare days in August. You really don't, you know, see such a notice. Will difference of like people out on the streets and yeah, you know, like you're saying Subways.
What was that?
Like, I'll tell you it's funny like you say it to me. I always think of the day after Thanksgiving. That's the one day that you can guarantee people are either staying home or they're all out in the suburbs visiting family Christmas morning. I'm generally out of the city, but to me, it's the day after Thanksgiving is the one where I always notice it and that's what it feels like it feels like like we're like Memorial Day when everybody goes to the beach like there's certain days in New York where traditionally things just clear out and it feels like that and on top of that everyone who is in this city is you know, a lot of masks.
I wore latex gloves on the way here.
Yeah, and like I went and stopped at a bakery on my way to the train station where I often get myself a treat on the way. The phone animus and it's a it's a pot. It's popping off. This Bakery is new in the neighborhood. It's popping up empty two people in it. So it's got that Vibe of like the city's kind of everybody's taking it for real, but I want to hear about China because you I mean first of all you picked a hell of a time to move.
So what's the what was it like getting dropped into that? And what's the mood over there right now?
Well, so getting dropped into it, it would be very different if I wasn't if I didn't move here to be with my now wife. She and I met in New York and you know, we sort of got married without her parents consent, which is a whole other story in the States, but we moved here and I mean, it's it's hard to it's hard to explain like just how different it is and I would say it's it's most noticeably different and how like the touch points are very similar but everything else is different. It's like you have you know, you walk down the street there are still people, you know, they're still businesses. They're still signs or still activity, but the Culture is just so dramatically different from anything that I'm used to and like, you know, the lettering is different saw like other places you go to where you have the same positive that it's just like, you know, I know that that says something but I can't even comprehend. What is it is beyond like shapes, you know what I mean?
And that's just the general culture shock.
Yeah. Yeah, I mean that's like that sort of like experiential and then you know, people say it's just a completely different, you know value system and there's that concept of like collectivism versus individualism, which you know, I would say that's one of the largest differences between thought and It permeates every part of daily life when it comes to living in China. Like I think that's if I had to try to you know, pick one thing.
That's the biggest difference.
I think that would be it and what what exactly when you say collectivism is the mindset versus individualism. I certainly understand individualism being an American. Everybody's trying to get ahead. Everybody's trying to make their cash. Everybody's trying to set up a A life for themselves and their families.
How does how does collectivism show up in China?
I mean this is like very reductive but one of the ways that I noticed it first was just you know being in cars and like driving around here, you know, they're 1. 4 billion people in China and you would think that it would be like an absolute madhouse on the roads, but people are just like, you know, like everyone drives fast and it's very densely populated but like people let other people in when they need to merge and like people slow down when someone is going to cross the road, it's just like people are in my observation people seem to be more accommodating and concerned with you know, strangers and like the well-being of people that they have no connection to So you get to China?
It's already a place where as you've described. Letters just look like shapes to you. You're overwhelmed. You've teased that you married into a family that had yet to sign off on your presence of the family. So all that's already going on and neck and then what happens when you get there and within weeks deadly pandemic erupts. How does that affect things?
Well, it was you know, it's interesting it was gradual. So as you you know may have like red the the government's response to not they didn't acknowledge it right away. So there was this divide sort of generationally mostly between, you know, the older generation and the younger generation. Even in terms of like, you know, well the government hasn't said anything. So we're not really going to start to take seriously yet.
You know, my wife was trying to get like her family to you know wear masks and you know hand sanitizer and all that good stuff and they just sort of you know, they listen but they didn't really change any of their daily life and like as soon as the the Vermin had a you know an opinion about it. It was like where the mask wires the hand sanitizer and when we get word of that we were actually in her in my wife's mom's Hometown Village, which is you know, like probably two or three hundred families throughout tively remote, but it's not too small.
So we're you know, we're living with her. Her family like we're all in one house. It's like 20 of us. Don't know if you know about Chinese New Year. But the tradition is that everyone basically returns home for this one holiday. So it's her entire family and you know me and so we're you know, we're getting this news and and you know, so it's it wasn't all that alarming because you know, the infection rate was climbing, but you sort of woke up and you digest in fact that there was another you know, 2,000 people and you check to see how close it was to you and you know, maybe you were ordered some maths or whatever, but you just sort of went about your day, but you know when they instituted the travel bans and like they really started to lock things down even outside of the big cities it was It's just like you know, whoa, like we woke up one morning and some people had like made some barricades and you know, it was just like shit it's real and you know, I got to tell you if you ever really want to test your marriage go be in you know, go pee and the confined space for three weeks with your wife's entire family.
A trip and are you are you fluent in the language? No, no, so it's fight not by any means so all of us listening in America right now depending, you know, I don't know if this will come out this week or in the coming weeks. All of us are like, all right, we might need to buckle down right now. Only go to the store. Get back to your house. Like that's the better you spent this era of of the process.
Effectively semi quarantined not just with your wife's entire family the extended family because the holiday and you don't speak the language you don't read the language and you are just to boil it down Basics. I hope I'm not being too much your this white guy they don't really know it sounds like from what you've said.
Yes that yeah.
Yeah. Everyone's very sort of like, you know, I hate me Al everyone. It's very nice. No, I mean it's you know, yeah, it's like a movie funny. It's a movie stretch of your life.
Yeah. It's a story you will tell fear.
Yeah, for sure for sure. It's an experience.
And yeah, I mean like you know it one thing I will say is that I think that you can pick up a lot from you know, like situational awareness. It's definitely not a replacement for being able to communicate with people but it's just, you know, it's interesting the things you can pick up and group dynamics and I feel like I've been trying to rely on that as heavily as I can just because you know, like my wife speaks English, but at the end of the day like sometimes she doesn't want to translate for me and you know what, I mean? Like it's just like it can be it can be burdensome burdensome I've realized so I try to I try to do my best and you know, I'm learning but it's it's slow. It's coming but it's low.
And is that so your wife's sometimes she's just like exhausted and like I just yeah, I got you got to give me a minute. I can't spend double mental energy or are there also times where it's like, oh, hey we have been right on top of each other and we're kind of annoying each other. So I'm just going to cut off your we're cutting off the translation as a punishment buddy. Is there that too Yeah, yeah that happened that definitely happened for sure.
I guess I'm sure very sorry to laugh. But wow that is a specific way to ride out the Corona virus. That is an incredibly specific way. Yeah.
Yeah and like, you know, the other thing was you know, so after after we were able to leave the village like my I have a Visa situation where like I The here for 60 days at a time, but I have to leave the country and then it resets.
So, you know this whole thing happens and then like it was just like buy a ticket to Sri Lanka my favorite place. They're not accepting people from China.
Oh, no, I was going to say never been to Lanka is the most incredible place I've ever been amazing Place amazing people. Everyone should go. I'm so sorry that you have to make sad. So you have to leave China every 60 days and they're Travel bans and major portions of the world very very paranoid about accepting people from China incredibly and not only that but like, you know airlines are just they're not even cancelling flights are canceling routes.
So it's like, you know, I'm it's like days are going by and I'm like, you know, there's like five days until I have to leave and I'm just like, okay, how do you know can I go to Cambodia? Like and then the other thing that gets in your mind is like okay so I can go to Cambodia. What if Cambodia doing wrong?
Like why are they you know, what is right.
Why are they people right?
So it's it's just like it was this total, you know, the total mind fuck so I ended up being able to go to Thailand and you know, I flew sure Hong Kong and I'm in the airport, and I'm just like You know, I'm just like in total fight or flight mode like throughout this whole thing like sheer Panic is said and I'm just like I moved to China to be with my wife like so that we could start a life here together.
I found a way to get out of the country so that you know, it's not up to some like Customs and Border control agent that knows nothing about to decide if I can do that or not. And I'm like sitting in the airport and I'm just like watching people go by and like, you know, everyone has a mask on and it's like everyone except what I think are Americans and there and I'm just thinking to myself. I'm like, you know, I'm like do these people think that they can't get the virus like is a that this sort of like white privilege as Has like permeated American culture so much that they think that they're immune from it is it that they just didn't know is that they can't buy a mask like so I'm just like, you know, it was just that I had I don't know if I'm you know being like racist against white people because I've been in China for too long, but it was an interesting perspective.
I thought well, it's interesting too because I feel like we've been there's been some warnings floating around for weeks now and we have all kind of quietly. Just been lying. I don't know what that's about. But then you see an Italy you see in China you see places where it's really You know, you know you read stuff in Italy where I just saw, you know, post going around from a nurse at a hospital in Italy his like we can't go home. We have to keep working. There's not enough beds your reports that you know could people going it's not that bad for if you're under 60 and it's like yeah, but the hospital's get so jammed up and there's so the equipment to treat it is not something that everybody has and people are sleeping in beds and hallways and and hospitals are figuring out who to prioritize to treat first and kind of doing it in the calculator it where it's like what's happening and we are kind of ignoring it here.
It really felt to me like And you know having been here for some reason in America felt like once the NBA shut down their season. We all got serious about it, but it shouldn't take that shouldn't take shutting down a massively popular sports League like you are officially you are officially behind the curve in your reaction if that's what it takes like a major institution of entertainment as to entirely go away to get anybody to take it seriously, so I don't think you're wrong. I don't think it's racist to say that I'm Americans have been behind the curve some of that I think you know, it is clearly on the fact that I think the government was trying to downplay it and I'm not I try to remain impartial and not you know not Slam the government based on my own values. But when you hear quotes from the president saying I have a hunch this is gonna go away.
I'm not talking about partisanship. I'm not talking about anything else he's done, but that's clearly not a that's not a response that's going to get people to put masks on and that's probably why there's Americans wandering through foreign airports taking it not as seriously as they should when your when your world leader is gone. I got a hunch. It's going to be fine.
Well, there's a lot of people are going to listen.
Yeah. That's wild. Yeah. Yeah while I know now.
Oh go for it your reaction.
No. No, no. No, we had no we don't need to get political.
I love the The Knowing chuckle of you about to say something. This is something that's like is this even is this the type of conversation that's even worth ethic I did. What I was going to say was you mentioned at the top of the call. You phrased it in a way that I'm very very interested in where something along the lines of seeing it explode in America the past few days when we're on you almost phrase it as if to say that Being a month or so ahead of the breakout that you're maybe on the other side of the hysteria and I'm very fascinated to hear about when did the breaking point hit when what were the things that made people kind of chill out? Because I feel like that'll be very eye-opening to me to kind of hear the steps in the process of here's how its calm down. Here's where it's landed. Here's what we know.
Living through the panic and being on the other side of that if you're on the other side of it, I don't want to assume.
And let's pause there. I want to hear that answer. I bet you two will be right back.
You ever have that experience where you wake up and it's late at night and you're coming down with something and you go. I think I should really check in with the doctor and you what do you do you sit there and you can't sleep and you're stressing and you're wondering if you can get an appointment in the morning, you don't need that anymore doesn't need to happen anymore because tell the doc gives you 24/7 access to board certified doctors anytime anywhere for non emergency conditions, like a sinus infection allergies flu rashes and more their board certified doctors can die.
No Street, and prescribed medication when medically necessary to be delivered to the pharmacy of your choice. Tell the docs available through most insurance or employers at $45 or less a visit. No appointments no need for waiting rooms. You're not going to be in an Urgent Care worried about the germs floating around you're not going to have these expensive trips to the ER and all that stress that adds want to tell the docs testimonials States.
I am an RN and I have little time for personal issues little I'm being Sick while caring for the deal this service called me after setting up an account and requesting an MD visit in minutes. It's actually amazing. I only wish I would have utilized it sooner that's coming from an RN. That's a if there's if there's anybody who's medical opinion trusts are end their Heroes tell the doc is here to get you back to feeling your best no matter when or where you are download the app today or visit tell the doc cam stories to register today. So you're ready when you need a doctor's care or schedule a doctor visit today.
Don't forget to download the app or visit T Ela Deo c. Com / stories. So excited to talk once again about my old friends mac Weld and Mac Weldon and incredible product. I'll talk more about that. Also, if I remember right our very first Advertiser here on this show. So support Mac Weldon, they have always supported us Mac welding makes the most comfortable underwear socks shirts under shirts hoodies and sweatpants that you'll ever wear.
Their mission is to make sure that all your Basics and Beyond are smartly designed with premium fabrics and shopping for them is Easy and convenient. Listen it became a joke on the show back in the day. How often I would say I'm wearing Mac weldon's right now. Well guess what? Its 2020. I'm wearing my questions right now. Not only am I wearing Mac weldon's I don't know if this is TMI.
I still wear the same Mac weldon's that I had gotten 2016 because they hold up there is good as new. I'm not kidding. There are other brands of underwear where I've bought them years later and they have been long gone because we all know you fly through these things make not mad welded. I mean that if there Is any sort of endorsement that goes a long way it's that these underwear still look good and I still routinely feel good in them years after receiving them.
It's a great product holds up great. Not only to Mac weldon's underwear socks and shoes look good. They perform well, too. They're great for working out going to work going on dates and just everyday life for 20% off your first order of visit Mac Weld and. Com enter promo code beautiful. That's Mac Weldon. Com promo code.
Beautiful for 20% off your first order And that was our break the break is over now. Let's get back.
That'll be very eye-opening to me to kind of hear the steps in the process of here's how its calm down. Here's where it's landed. Here's what we know. Living through the panic and being on the other side of that if you're on the other side of it, I don't want to assume.
Well, I think that I think that there are sort of like two ways of being on the other side of the one is, you know, the more sort of data-driven like statistical stuff, you know, like the infections are following the people who were infected or covering, you know, that that sort of thing so from from what I understand that is the casein in China.
I would say the second part of that is just the mental component like like and that fluctuates for me. It's you know it I've I feel like I've I've gotten to a good place about everything that's happening through the process of just burning out which is how I often get to the sense of peace.
Becoming resigned but yeah, I mean it's especially tricky.
It's especially tricky and in a situation like this because there's such a fine line between like being prepared and being, you know, just like you said like being hysterical, you know, like I've you said that you you know, We're closed today. Like I have a box surgical gloves in my in my closet right now and I have you know, like a bunch of masks and I have a bunch of hand sanitizer.
But you know, the interesting thing was like like I got all that stuff and none of it really made me feel safer.
I mean, I know I'm when I tell you that I am literally holding a Clorox wipe in my hand right now and have been for the entire duration of the sky. I'm not kidding. I've been rubbing my hands with a Clorox wipe this entire time. Yeah.
Well, I will say that my hands of never been so clean. Oh, yeah. I think I think that we can all say that and you know, I don't touch my faith as much which I guess you know if there's going to be a global Health crisis got to get something good out of this soft supple hands, although God bless the exam, uh suffers right now.
The people who can't have white head. My wife has some eggs. I'm like, I do all the dishes because it's she just can't get her hands wet and dry. It's and God God bless the eggs of my people. God bless them.
My best friend has a she will like that.
Yeah, I mean so like the the the mental component is and all right. So I guess let's try to gather my thoughts are so like I would say that. Sort of like what you're feeling in New York with you know, the the noticeably empty streets and you know, it's just there's just like a tension in the air when a lot of people are in a place and you know, maybe someone's like moving away from you on the train or you know, someone's like you can tell that they're going to shake your hand, but then they decided not to you know, there's just like it's just not quite right.
I would say the being on the other side of it is you you start to you know, notice that there's a bit of a more relaxed mood, especially in crowded public places and you know, just the sense of like Freedom. Like that's the other thing like we you know when I was with my wife's family like we were forbidden Didn't believe like, you know, I was we were in the house for three weeks. So I would say that I have nothing but gratitude for the ability to like make choices on a day-to-day basis which you know was also restored here when when things got a little bit better. So, you know, that definitely won't be the same. Our but so much of that is is in your head to even if it you know, you don't have some regime prohibiting you from leaving a house like fear can do that too. So I would say what am I going weird life you've chosen to live lately if they took that off between fear and the regime.
It was really a kind of stifled like stifling there for a couple weeks.
yeah, yeah, and you know the man I don't even I don't know how so I had to go to Thailand and I was in Thailand and I think that that's when it actually hit me like the magnitude and just you know how crazy it was was when I left and then I realized that I was going back right right and and that it was like incredibly it was just as difficult to get back because it was as it was to leave so, you know, I I guess the thing that I'm happy about with all this is that it makes me really confident in the decisions that I've made, you know, like some pretty big life decisions about, you know, marriage and my commitment to this person and our life together and future and I just feel like if there was any test towards my commitment, you know, I would have been on the first I would have been on the first flight to New York from Thailand, right if this love was not real so when you're you're sitting on that plane and they give the announcements right everybody buckle up everybody make sure your seat backs forward and tray tables up right in front of you turn off your electronics.
You're just sitting there going I things I do for love the things I do for love flying back into the heart of a pandemic. Yeah.
Well, I mean it honestly felt safer leaving Thailand than it did.
I wasn't afraid to go back to China. I was honestly afraid to be in Thailand because no one seemed to be concerned about it.
Yeah, it's very none of it made any sense. It was just very but I think so a couple of things. I think the reason normally I would be quite nervous to talk with you, but I listen to the show on a Basis and I gotta say the head space that I was in and I have been in for the past month. It totally makes sense that someone who I listened to on computer. I'm now talking to on the phone like at midnight like it just there's no questions there. It's just like, of course, of course, you know and one funny thing when when I was on the plane Coming back to China, you know and they do like the safety routine in the aisle.
the flight attendant so they when when you fly everyone wears masks including the flight attendants, so when they did the oxygen mask demo they had to put the oxygen mask demo over there other masks.
Wow. What a weird movie moment.
So is there is there a part of you being on the show right now where you said? You'd normally be nervous? I'm glad you're not. Is there a part I would have to imagine more than any other color this tree. The show is a party. That's like I'm excited to be on this show I listened to but also I'm excited to speak for an hour straight in a language that I fully understand.
There's some element of that.
Yeah. Yeah. My wife made that comment to me when I told her I was like are you Need to be talking to someone other than me for an hour - yeah.
Yeah, they're happy to provide the service. So I want to ask a couple things is we you know, we're half hour in talked a lot about the virus. I'm glad to hear that even as people are staying say it sounds to me like what you said just to someone even in China people are still being smart staying safe being really mindful, but you can walk around and people aren't Living in fear like it's like we're in 28 Days Later something like that. Like it's normalizing to a degree which is good to hear.
I do want to hear about because a couple things come to mind one. I think American listeners would agree that China seems like not just a different place for America. But you hear about the regime you hear about a lot of authoritarianism. There's a wariness I think in regards to China a little bit. It's fair to say sometimes that turns into like xenophobia racism, which is not okay not okay, but it's a fact and then on top of It the popular myth is that when people who aren't from America get a chance to come to America that they jump at the chance you've gone in the opposite direction.
I would love to hear how that decision was made.
Well, I mean what I can say is that it wouldn't I would never have met made this decision to come alone.
I've definitely had plans to move to other countries for the China was not one of them, you know for all the reasons that you listed, but I think Thank you. I think that what like one of the best things about my voice is that she you know, she she loves her country and if you know, it's not in a way that Downplays or Ward's or doesn't acknowledge, you know the problems that are here, but she is really in love with this place in the culture and the people and you know, I've been fortunate enough to basically have been given an introduction to a place that I know nothing about through her. It's so You know, it's a very different experience from you know, it's like if a tourist goes to New York and they go to the Times Square and they go to the Statue of Liberty and you know the difference between that and you know, someone going to New York for the first time with a friend who's lived there for a while and it's just a completely different perspective.
We like come to my favorite Dive Bar in Brooklyn. It's a different thing.
Exactly, then like eight.
Yeah, go hang out at Ground Zero the site of the worst thing ever and maybe we'll buy buy some novelty t-shirts by some novelty T-shirts from some guy Ground Zero versus like hey, do you want to go you want to go into Queens to this restaurant? That is legendary, but that you'd never hear about if you were just here for a week.
Otherwise Yep. Yep, so you're there.
That's cool. See get out there following love your wife has a true devotion in love with her her home country her hometown. I get that. Do you anticipate that you're going to spend the rest of your life there?
That is the plan sounds super enthused. I mean, well I so I don't have any problem with it. My thing is butt.
I just I just think that you like, you know, you have to have a back-up plan. So, you know all the stuff about you know, the mass surveillance, you know, all those were on a phone call. So I'm not going to list all of them.
But so that's real. There's things you can't there's things that you're like I should just maybe clam up on certain things in case I'm being listened to that's a real concern day to day.
Are you can't even answer that we should just move on. Wow. Okay, I'll shut up.
I mean it's an abundance of caution. But you know, I am a guest and their country So and I've seen some things that you know, make me make those decisions.
I wish you could share those specifics but it sounds like the exact thing you shouldn't talk about so we'll just move on.
Yeah. Yeah.
But yes that that is is the plan. You know, she her family is here and you know, she wants to be here with and for them. So that's the plan I my feeling is that you know what happens if something happens, so if nothing happens and yeah, well, we'll be here for a while. And if it does and you know, we might be in Thailand or something for a bit. But you know at the end of the day the plan was to be together and to be with her. So wherever that is, it's it's fine by me.
How did you how did you and your wife meet and hit it off to this point where you I'm this at this is a love that's made you made you leave your old life behind and go. To the other side of the world, how what's that? Love story?
Excuse me. We can edit out my good stuff the time code and edit out my burp and barely audible burp and they just saying you can't hear my burp. But let's still Mark the timecode 23 minutes and 20 seconds. Just check on. Okay. Anyway, what's the love story?
Man, I mean it's like anything else. It's just it started with like You know a decision I usually went to this one bar and I decided that I was sick of going there. So I went to a tea house instead and you know, she was working there and you know, it sounds so cliche but like instantly I was just like, okay like there's something about this person.
I want to be around this person.
You know, so I went there again with a friend and you know, just to kind of I didn't say anything to him, but I just kind of wanted to get his perspective on it and you know, we left and I said to him I was just like, you know, I want more of that my life and he's like, yeah, she's great.
You know, she's the first and only person that I've asked for their number.
She was actually engaged at the time.
That's a that's wild. There's a story there. We're going to hear that story many more when back.
We all know making small changes can be really positive can have a healthy effect on your lifestyle the right towel turns a bathroom into a spa you can make all these upgrades with Brooklyn and you know Brooklyn and as the internet's favorite sheets, but they're also home to betting loungewear towels and more with over 50,000 plus five star reviews and Counting now, they have everything for Life Essentials shower curtains bath mats, robes totes final details.
That help you make a big upgrade just this very morning. I stepped out of the shower and I stepped onto a Brooklyn and bath mat and it felt good under my feet to the degree that I noticed. I hadn't realized it was the Brooklyn and one that was out. And before I even look down I said, that's Brooklyn and right there then I grabbed myself a whole Good Old Brooklyn and towel and I dried myself off and I felt great about it is it's thick its fluffy. It works. I love it love my Brooklyn and stuff high quality stuff. You can hear my voice. This is real.
Real Brooklyn. Com. It's the perfect place to start making small changes that make big differences Brooklyn. And so confident in their product that all their sheets comforters loungewear and towels come with a lifetime warranty. So go on make yourself comfortable get 10% off your first order and free shipping when you use the promo code stories only at Brooklyn and. Com. That's be Roo kli any n. Com promo code stories and how New Yorkers if you're listening you can get the internet's favorite sheets in real life. Visit Brooklyn's first store in Brooklyn at 127 Ken Evan Williamsburg, Brooklyn and Thing you need to live your most comfortable life.
The pauses have concluded from here on out.
It's just conversation till the end. Let's go.
She's the first and only person that I've asked for their number.
She was actually engaged at the time which I found out as we were on what I thought was our first date which was a walk. I think these Village to The High Line.
But you know something about the way that she talked about it and about him. Made me think that you know, maybe it was more like societal pressure and stuff like that. That was You know leading them towards getting married.
And had yea though.
I had her parents approved of that guy already.
Yeah, well, I mean he was wealthy and he was Chinese.
So so this is a Forbidden Love. Yeah, we're talking about a Forbidden Love right here.
Yeah.
I mean it's blossomed into a grudgingly accepted love but it was definitely started be grudgingly accepted love the be grudgingly accepted love the three words that describe every great love story be grudgingly accepted love.
Wow, yeah. Yeah, so then she feels this pole as well. This is like a love at first sight thing. She realizes she's in over her head on this other situation and then she gets out of it.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah that she told me that you know before we had met she had, you know booked a trip to go visit him and you know, she was asking me what to do and I just said I'm like, you know, I can't make that decision for you. I definitely would like it to go one way, but you know, that's a decision you have to make so when she told me that she decided not to go I was like our is is you know, this is it this is like a real thing now, so you're saying like listen we both know it's a choice for you to make and in your head.
You're like don't go don't go don't go don't go and then she said I'm not going and you're like woohoo.
Of course, of course. Yeah, but like I you know, I I just yeah that was hard. I mean I I would have loved to I've just had bad experiences with like, you know, making these big gestures and then not being able to follow through them. So like I wasn't about to tell her to leave her fiance, you know what I mean?
Like way can't do that.
Too much too much pressure.
Yeah. Hey, why don't you have bench pressure abandon your abandon the fiance in your in your home country that your family has already given a thumbs-up to to come. Marry me a guy you met in a random tea house instead. Yeah, I can see why you didn't want to be overzealous on that. You got to be respectful and now head she did you ask for her number at the end of that first experience there or were you like, you know, I think I really like T more than I knew and you're going back to the tea house from time to time.
Um, and I can tell you that I found out that if you don't drink water and you drink green tea, you get incredible migraine. I was there like every day Chris was there every day for a week.
So she knew she's like, alright this this guy's either pretty smitten or I might have a stalker on my hands.
Yeah. Yeah. I'm trying to be careful about how I described there cuz cause I feel and how can you be a man and not be creepy, you know, like great question. I don't know. I don't I will tell you that. I think I was creepy that would tell you that Anita aka the new Harry Nelson.
I just look through the glass. And as you said, how can you be a man and not be creepy. She laughed in a way that denote it like a full-body joy that that denotes the truth. I think you're right every guy. I feel like one of the basic things of being a good guy is just doing an just Doing a lot of safety checks along the way to make sure you're not being too much of a creep.
I think that that's just a basic thing that we should all commit to in 2020 is like a if you're hitting on a girl there's gonna be some level of that that either goes well or doesn't and just make sure if it doesn't that you're not being creepier than you have to as you crash and when you crash and burn there's going to be some level to which you feel like a creep.
So let's minimize that as much as possible. I don't think that's It's too much people and think about oh, there's me to PC culture. It's like, you know, if we can just land in the middle of the pendulum swing into these trees, right if we can just land in a middleware somewhere guys, just go. I'm going to try to not be too creepy. If this doesn't go my way. I think that that what a lovely Middle Ground to land in if we can just get there as a society.
Yeah.
Yeah, but it worked out it worked out so you a scratchy goes. Why did she So can I get the digits because I've been waiting for you to ask. I know nobody likes green tea this much.
Well, I think that she does and but but and yeah, I mean she I don't think I think that she was surprised that I asked for her number.
But yeah, I don't know. I mean, you know, it's like okay. So we're in the East Village were on 10th Street. She gets off work. I'm like, okay. It's 4:45 like it's going to take an hour to walk to the west side. It's going to be great. We're going to get to The High Line it's going to be sunset, you know, maybe we'll stop get a piece of cake or something. I'm just you know, I'm happy about this and the goose is fantastic.
So we walk there, you know, we get their Suns going down. We're open The High Line and that's when she's like, I think that you should know that. I am seeing someone and I was like, oh that's yeah, that's that's like fine. So in my head, I'm like, okay, so, you know, maybe she must just be being nice and this is not a date like maybe we can be friends and then, you know comes out later the They're engaged.
So, you know, I'm just I don't know though, Chris take something something like told me like I'm not one of those guys who's like, you know, I'm not going to see anything for what it isn't like. I'm not going to try to you know wedge my way into someone play through has a different idea about how they want to live, but there was something about the way that she talked about him.
Just had this distance and hesitation.
That made me think, you know, maybe you know, maybe it's nothing but I'm going to stick around a little while longer to see where this goes.
Yeah, as you as you're saying and of like you're not the type of person to play those games I can just say just based on your incredibly measured tone of voice for the past 47 minutes. You're clearly not someone who flies off the handle emotionally too often. I think that's safe to say you're very clearly chill guy who are whole conversation. You've been talking like this as you tell me about Having to fly to Thailand to stay in the country that has appendix. So you're clearly not someone who's like I was going to chase this I just gonna lose my mind and chase this like, yeah, although maybe who knows who knows maybe every once in a while you fly it fly off the handle it in a way that would be I don't know who knows but doesn't you don't strike me as the type.
Well, thank you.
Even that even that even before you made me like I stifle there was one I forget what I said. I said something that I felt like was pretty impactful or pretty tense and you just went mmm. That was your reaction and it made me smile.
I don't do well with compliment but I'm glad I'm glad so that's great.
So then you're sensing. She's already been having some misgivings. She's already feeling in overhead the situation back home. I'm gonna be respectful keep distance from that while also letting her know that love to be friends and therefore she wants to open that door. I'm available and open to it. That's The Logical way to handle this Yeah.
Yeah, and how long is long is it until she says, you know, what something special is happening here. I gotta go for it.
I think it was you know, it was like a month.
It wasn't it wasn't super long and things kind of took off from them. Like, you know, we spent a lot of time together really got to know each other. You know as much as you can in that period of time like how how vulnerable You're really willing to be in the first three months. But yeah, and then you know, she she dropped it that your Visa, you know spiring and she had to move back.
So You know that that was not that was not great. I mean and I kind of feel bad for saying this but you know, I've been in relationships for for three months before and I haven't you know, there's like if it were to if someone were to say to me like I have to go back to like my country would be like, all right, like it was nice knowing you, you know, we had a really good time together like You know enjoy the rest of your life.
But yeah, just wasn't it wasn't it wasn't the same here. And you know, I took a couple trips out here.
But for for a long time like so we're you know, we're married.
We've been married for a year.
We've known each other for two years, but she and I have spent more time together apart than together together.
so, you know part of like part of moving here was part of the dynamic of moving here was like, you know, it's a big question of sure we love each other but like can we stand to like live with each, you know what I mean, like love and and living with someone or two very different things and you know, we're still sort of feeling our way through but you know, it's just And it's I don't know life is wild.
Yeah, and there's people isn't like as the story you're telling her like she has to go home and we've only been dating a year and some people after three months. I just say I we had fun, but I can and you know, again the cliche that we assume is like oh so and then you so you met got married for citizenship because you hear about that. Sometimes people going we kind of had a feeling we're going to get married anyway, so we just bumped it up and got it done but no You moved to China.
This was not that you moved your highness you. What was your hope?
What's your family and friends? Like what are you doing?
What do you do? What are you talking about? Do you hear again? And I want to be clear. There's there's a number of things. I would love to ask you about. But you mentioned that that just certain thick places. We can't go there's a number two things. I'm respectfully saying, I'm not gonna I'm not gonna put you in a position to have to even react at all, but we all know there's stories about you.
China that are pretty intense.
You went your family face must have been like what you're the most logical person.
We know what yeah, this was very off brand for me.
Yeah, you don't say you don't say could have figured that out. Yeah. What do they say? What is your favorite if you saying when you like saw him out, I got married and I'm a moving to a place. That's the opposite of irony.
To be honest, like I'm sure that everyone had the reaction the internal reaction that you're having but they did a pretty good job at not expressing that to me, you know, I they were nothing but supportive they were just like, you know, I get it like this is where you have to do like, you know, even even like the company that I work for.
You know, I work remote anyways, but they were just like listen.
I know it's 12 hours time difference, but like we'll make it work.
So you have the same job.
Yeah, give it to he's gonna be up all night on the computer.
Like I said, if we could just get it you can get this done by end of business day. That would be great. And now please let me go to sleep because it's 4:15 a. M. You have to sometimes be up for conference calls in the middle of the night.
Oh, yeah, I mean it's I don't know what time it is in New York. It's probably well like 12 plus 15.
Yeah. It's 12:15 p. M.
Yeah, so it's it's 12 a. M. Yeah, I mean, you know, you're on the other side of the world telecommuting. Yeah.
Oh my God, if there is ever if there is ever been a real life story. This is not a Disney Disney princess movie. If there's ever been a real life test of the validity of true love your story is it huh?
Man, that's a lot. That's a lot of pressure. I hope so I would I would hope so.
Yeah, no pressure at all.
But what you're living through will be the ultimate proof of if love is real no pressure.
Yeah it no. I mean in all seriousness though like yeah it definitely I didn't have a lot of doubts before but now I don't really have any, you know, I would I would do anything for I would have kids that's amazing.
What a cool thing to be able to say and you know, what if my wife turned to me one day and said, I don't know why this is my instinct, but I need to live on the other side of the world. I'd say cool. Let's go if you really need to go. I'm not gonna stay here. I'll be there with you. Yeah, and then I guess I gotta guess I got to learn a number of dialects of a language that strikes me as very complicated so I can hopefully tell some jokes and make some money.
Yeah. Yeah, that would yeah, that would be an interesting challenge Telecom the other thing about well now you can't yeah, but like how is a completely different we don't have a lot of time left. Yeah, how do you make other cultures laughs like what other cultures find funny?
Well, I'll tell you what, there's a comedian good guy real good guy named as bishop and he's he's a New Yorker but he became really well known in Ireland. He said an interesting life. He went and lived in Ireland when he was a teen. I think he's a friend of mine. I don't know the best but we've got know each other and he's very popular in Ireland and he has a good career in the States, but he also I believe is married. Read right dating I think married, too.
To a Chinese woman and he is fluent now and he's like it's obviously one of the biggest markets in the world and there aren't many there aren't many westerners. We can go in there and tell jokes and I pulled it off. So he goes and gets gigs in China. It's wild could on him good good for him.
Seriously.
Yeah, maybe that's what I need to do is learn Mandarin and Cantonese.
Yeah. Come like the clown you got a right.
They'll be like it hears this and erotica Mary. I'll go there and I'll be like the mr. Bean of China. I'll be like the the caricature of every American then I'll go over there and I'll like eat McDonald's on stage and burp a lot and wave constantly and I won't wave a flag because that might get me killed I would imagine but I'll become like the buffoonish American that they can laugh at and I'll make so much money I bet. Why would I bet that would clean up?
Hmm?
So I know we don't have a lot of time left but three minutes.
I know I've been a bit cagey about talking about certain things, but I would I would like to just make the distinction being Chinese people and the Chinese government, of course, of course, like my my experience is the Chinese Take Chinese people that they've done, you know, nothing but incredibly kind and I'm sure incredibly tolerant of you know, the variety of humiliations that I put myself through on a day-to-day basis.
It's it's just, you know, the people in power different story, so Yeah well and you know what's fascinating about that?
I feel like there's large swaths of you know, America clearly more than ever. You're the old thing red and blue and I think there's a lot of people who go The way the way the government is presenting our country on a world stage right now is not how we feel and they say that the Americans Chinese are so at odds with each other, but the way you just described it may be the actual people on the ground in those two countries have more in common than anything else because maybe it's further proof that humans are humans and governments don't always represent the actual realities of how those people feel. And maybe maybe average average people from those two places if they sat down and got a beer together or in my case a ginger ale started speaking freely. Maybe they'd actually find out that they have more in common than people from some other places.
Yeah.
Yeah. I think that that would be true and you know, there's a lot of common commonalities as well like China is so diverse. I think you know before I moved here. I just thought that you know, it was one sort of homogeneous culture, but it's there's more diversity here than there is in America just because there's so much more, you know people like one out of every seven people in the world is Chinese.
Are there America towns like New York has I think like four or five different Chinatown? Are there America towns in China?
I mean, there are McDonald's probably the closest thing you'll get. Yeah.
Yeah, do you eat McDonald's? I haven't eaten McDonald's in years, but I think if I lived in China I had I'd go get some fries just to feel it taste of home.
No, I have not but I would feel I would feel a certain way about struggling to order a Big Mac indeed indeed now we've run out of time and I want to thank you eye-opening what I feel like the first half of this call was a public service announcement for all of us in the world.
And the second half was an amazing story of true love and final question.
The food you're eating in China. Does it make you is American Chinese food fake is that not real Chinese food American Chinese food is by and large disgusting and not representative of Chinese food and to least bit.
Got to come here. Come here just for the food.
Well, I'm sure that when the pandemic Cloud lifts. This call will lead to a flocking. Americans to come eat Chinese food in China. Thank you so much for talking we could talk forever. Good luck to you get some sleep Love is Real Love is everywhere and I let's everybody stay healthy and stay safe.
It's tough man. It was good talking to you you too, happy too happy too happy to give you an hour of English all in a row.
Thanks so much, beautiful.
Beautiful. Take care of it.
Call it. Thank you so much. Thanks for verifying right at the tail end of that Chinese food in America. That's just American food. Thanks for reminding us that and thanks for reminding us that love is real and thanks for reminding us that things are not going to be this crazy forever. Thanks to Jerry O'Connell and I need the floor is in the booth. Thanks to shed for the music. I do have stand-up dates. I'm my website, right? Although I don't know that people are clamoring to buy tickets for public Gatherings Chris kept. Com. If you want to put your life on the line and get see some stand up.
If you like this show apple pie guess we ain't reviews subscribe. It really helps when you do and remember the entire beautiful honest back catalogue gets out there and Stitch premium Stitch a premium. Com stories free month and more details.
Next time I'm beautiful and animus me and a lady in London who self quarantined chitchat for an hour mostly because she was bored not trying to make light of something very scary. But when it's like hey, you can't really go out and social situations right now, and you should probably stay home. There's a part of me going.
Yeah. No. Mm.
Well I've actually been off sick as you can. Let me talk to my wife. I'm not sounding too curly. I have a dry cough and our NHS guidelines are that if you have a drag competitive cost that you stay awake seven days. So I'm actually in self-isolation at the moment you are. Yeah, I'm not freaked out about myself about my mom has a lot of underlying health issues and she's still not sent me for saying this but She's on the wrong side of 65.
And so I'm really concerned for her.
That's next time on beautiful anonymous.
